 4月  6 22:00:01 2016
 4月  6 23:10:01 2016
 4月  6 23:20:01 2016
start 1
UNIQUE constraint failed: building.id
 4月  6 23:30:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: not found kmz
start 2
finish 2: not found kmz
start 3
finish 3: not found kmz
start 4
UNIQUE constraint failed: building.id
 4月  6 23:40:01 2016
start 1
retrieval incomplete: got only 30036172 out of 36391024 bytes
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: not found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: not found kmz
start 13
finish 13: not found kmz
start 14
finish 14: not found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: not found kmz
start 17
finish 17: not found kmz
start 18
finish 18: not found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: not found kmz
start 21
finish 21: not found kmz
start 22
finish 22: not found kmz
start 23
finish 23: not found kmz
start 24
finish 24: not found kmz
start 25
finish 25: not found kmz
start 26
finish 26: not found kmz
start 27
finish 27: not found kmz
start 28
finish 28: not found kmz
start 29
finish 29: not found kmz
start 30
finish 30: not found kmz
start 31
finish 31: not found kmz
start 32
finish 32: not found kmz
start 33
finish 33: not found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: not found kmz
start 37
finish 37: not found kmz
start 38
finish 38: not found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: not found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: not found kmz
start 43
finish 43: not found kmz
start 44
finish 44: not found kmz
start 45
retrieval incomplete: got only 30036172 out of 36391024 bytes
 4月  6 23:50:01 2016
 4月  7 00:00:01 2016
 4月  7 00:10:01 2016
start 1
retrieval incomplete: got only 31171404 out of 36391024 bytes
 4月  7 00:20:01 2016
start 1
UNIQUE constraint failed: building.id
 4月  7 00:30:01 2016
start 1
UNIQUE constraint failed: building.id
 4月  7 00:40:01 2016
start 1
UNIQUE constraint failed: building.id
 4月  7 00:50:01 2016
start 1
UNIQUE constraint failed: building.id
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: not found kmz
start 3
finish 3: not found kmz
start 4
finish 4: not found kmz
start 5
finish 5: not found kmz
start 6
finish 6: not found kmz
start 7
finish 7: not found kmz
start 8
finish 8: not found kmz
start 9
finish 9: not found kmz
start 10
finish 10: not found kmz
start 11
finish 11: not found kmz
start 12
finish 12: not found kmz
start 13
finish 13: not found kmz
start 14
finish 14: not found kmz
start 15
finish 15: not found kmz
start 16
finish 16: not found kmz
start 17
finish 17: not found kmz
start 18
finish 18: not found kmz
start 19
finish 19: not found kmz
start 20
finish 20: not found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: not found kmz
start 23
finish 23: not found kmz
start 24
finish 24: not found kmz
start 25
finish 25: not found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: not found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: not found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: not found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: not found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: not found kmz
start 38
finish 38: not found kmz
start 39
finish 39: not found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: not found kmz
start 42
finish 42: not found kmz
start 43
finish 43: not found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: not found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: not found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: not found kmz
start 53
finish 53: not found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: not found kmz
start 68
finish 68: found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
finish 70: not found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
finish 72: found kmz
start 73
finish 73: found kmz
start 74
finish 74: found kmz
start 75
finish 75: found kmz
start 76
finish 76: found kmz
start 77
finish 77: found kmz
start 78
finish 78: not found kmz
start 79
finish 79: found kmz
start 80
finish 80: found kmz
start 81
finish 81: not found kmz
start 82
finish 82: found kmz
start 83
finish 83: found kmz
start 84
finish 84: not found kmz
start 85
finish 85: found kmz
start 86
finish 86: found kmz
start 87
finish 87: found kmz
start 88
finish 88: not found kmz
start 89
finish 89: found kmz
start 90
finish 90: found kmz
start 91
finish 91: not found kmz
start 92
finish 92: found kmz
start 93
finish 93: found kmz
start 94
finish 94: found kmz
start 95
finish 95: found kmz
start 96
finish 96: found kmz
start 97
finish 97: found kmz
start 98
finish 98: found kmz
start 99
finish 99: found kmz
start 100
finish 100: not found kmz
start 101

 4月  7 01:00:04 2016
 4月  7 01:10:02 2016
start 1
UNIQUE constraint failed: building.id
 4月  7 01:20:02 2016
start 1
UNIQUE constraint failed: building.id
 4月  7 01:30:02 2016
start 1
UNIQUE constraint failed: building.id
 4月  7 01:40:02 2016
start 1
UNIQUE constraint failed: building.id
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: not found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: not found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: not found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: not found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: not found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: not found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: not found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: not found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: not found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: not found kmz
start 58
finish 58: not found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: not found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
finish 70: found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
finish 72: found kmz
start 73
finish 73: found kmz
start 74
finish 74: not found kmz
start 75
finish 75: found kmz
start 76
finish 76: found kmz
start 77
finish 77: not found kmz
start 78
finish 78: found kmz
start 79
finish 79: found kmz
start 80
finish 80: not found kmz
start 81
finish 81: found kmz
start 82
finish 82: found kmz
start 83
finish 83: found kmz
start 84
finish 84: found kmz
start 85
finish 85: not found kmz
start 86
finish 86: found kmz
start 87
finish 87: found kmz
start 88
finish 88: found kmz
start 89
finish 89: found kmz
start 90
finish 90: found kmz
start 91
finish 91: found kmz
start 92
finish 92: found kmz
start 93
finish 93: found kmz
start 94
finish 94: found kmz
start 95
finish 95: found kmz
start 96
finish 96: found kmz
start 97
finish 97: found kmz
start 98
finish 98: found kmz
start 99
finish 99: found kmz
start 100
finish 100: not found kmz
start 101
finish 101: found kmz
start 102
finish 102: not found kmz
start 103
finish 103: found kmz
start 104
finish 104: found kmz
start 105
finish 105: found kmz
start 106
finish 106: found kmz
start 107
finish 107: found kmz
start 108
finish 108: found kmz
start 109
finish 109: not found kmz
start 110
finish 110: not found kmz
start 111
finish 111: found kmz
start 112
finish 112: found kmz
start 113
finish 113: found kmz
start 114
finish 114: found kmz
start 115
finish 115: not found kmz
start 116
finish 116: found kmz
start 117
finish 117: not found kmz
start 118
finish 118: found kmz
start 119
finish 119: found kmz
start 120
finish 120: found kmz
start 121
finish 121: found kmz
start 122
finish 122: not found kmz
start 123
finish 123: found kmz
start 124
finish 124: found kmz
start 125
finish 125: found kmz
start 126
finish 126: found kmz
start 127
finish 127: found kmz
start 128
finish 128: found kmz
start 129
finish 129: found kmz
start 130
finish 130: found kmz
start 131
finish 131: not found kmz
start 132
finish 132: fo 4月  7 01:50:02 2016
start 1
UNIQUE constraint failed: building.id
und kmz
start 133
finish 133: found kmz
start 134
finish 134: found kmz
start 135
finish 135: not found kmz
start 136
finish 136: not found kmz
start 137
finish 137: not found kmz
start 138
finish 138: not found kmz
start 139
finish 139: found kmz
start 140
finish 140: found kmz
start 141
finish 141: found kmz
start 142
finish 142: found kmz
start 143
finish 143: found kmz
start 144
finish 144: found kmz
start 145
finish 145: found kmz
start 146
finish 146: found kmz
start 147
finish 147: found kmz
start 148
finish 148: not found kmz
start 149
finish 149: found kmz
start 150
finish 150: found kmz
start 151
finish 151: found kmz
start 152
finish 152: not found kmz
start 153
finish 153: found kmz
start 154
finish 154: found kmz
start 155
finish 155: found kmz
start 156
finish 156: not found kmz
start 157
finish 157: found kmz
start 158
finish 158: found kmz
start 159
finish 159: found kmz
start 160
finish 160: found kmz
start 161
finish 161: found kmz
start 162
finish 162: found kmz
start 163
finish 163: not found kmz
start 164
finish 164: found kmz
start 165
finish 165: found kmz
start 166
finish 166: found kmz
start 167
finish 167: found kmz
start 168
finish 168: found kmz
start 169
finish 169: not found kmz
start 170
finish 170: found kmz
start 171
finish 171: found kmz
start 172
finish 172: found kmz
start 173
finish 173: found kmz
start 174
finish 174: not found kmz
start 175
finish 175: found kmz
start 176
finish 176: not found kmz
start 177
finish 177: not found kmz
start 178
finish 178: found kmz
start 179
finish 179: found kmz
start 180
finish 180: found kmz
start 181
finish 181: found kmz
start 182
finish 182: found kmz
start 183
finish 183: found kmz
start 184
finish 184: not found kmz
start 185
finish 185: not found kmz
start 186
finish 186: found kmz
start 187
'NoneType' object has no attribute 'strip'
 4月  7 02:00:02 2016
start 1
'NoneType' object has no attribute 'strip'
 4月  7 02:10:02 2016
 4月  7 02:20:02 2016
start 1
UNIQUE constraint failed: building.id
 4月  7 02:30:02 2016
start 1
UNIQUE constraint failed: building.id
 4月  7 02:40:03 2016
start 1
UNIQUE constraint failed: building.id
 4月  7 02:50:02 2016
start 1
UNIQUE constraint failed: building.id
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: not found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: not found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: not found kmz
start 19
finish 19: not found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: not found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: not found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: not found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: not found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: not found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
finish 70: found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
finish 72: found kmz
start 73
finish 73: found kmz
start 74
finish 74: found kmz
start 75
finish 75: found kmz
start 76
finish 76: found kmz
start 77
finish 77: found kmz
start 78
finish 78: found kmz
start 79
finish 79: found kmz
start 80
finish 80: found kmz
start 81
finish 81: found kmz
start 82
finish 82: found kmz
start 83
finish 83: found kmz
start 84
finish 84: not found kmz
start 85
finish 85: found kmz
start 86
finish 86: not found kmz
start 87
finish 87: found kmz
start 88
finish 88: found kmz
start 89
finish 89: found kmz
start 90
finish 90: not found kmz
start 91
finish 91: found kmz
start 92
finish 92: found kmz
start 93
finish 93: not found kmz
start 94
finish 94: not found kmz
start 95
finish 95: found kmz
start 96
finish 96: found kmz
start 97
finish 97: found kmz
start 98
finish 98: found kmz
start 99
finish 99: found kmz
start 100
finish 100: found kmz
start 101
finish 101: found kmz
start 102
finish 102: found kmz
start 103
finish 103: found kmz
start 104
finish 104: found kmz
start 105
finish 105: not found kmz
start 106
finish 106: found kmz
start 107
finish 107: found kmz
start 108
finish 108: found kmz
start 109
finish 109: found kmz
start 110
finish 110: found kmz
start 111
finish 111: found kmz
start 112
finish 112: not found kmz
start 113
finish 113: found kmz
start 114
finish 114: found kmz
start 115
finish 115: found kmz
start 116
finish 116: found kmz
start 117
finish 117: found kmz
start 118
finish 118: found kmz
start 119
finish 119: found kmz
start 120
finish 120: found kmz
start 121
finish 121: found kmz
start 122
finish 122: found kmz
start 123
finish 123: not found kmz
start 124
finish 124: found kmz
start 125
finish 125: found kmz
start 126
finish 126: not found kmz
start 127
finish 127: not found kmz
start 128
finish 128: found kmz
start 129
finish 129: found kmz
start 130
finish 130: found kmz
start 131
finish 131: not found kmz
start 132
finish 132: found kmz
start 13 4月  7 03:00:02 2016
 4月  7 03:10:01 2016
 4月  7 03:20:03 2016
start 1
finish 1: not found kmz
start 2
UNIQUE constraint failed: building.id
 4月  7 03:30:04 2016
 4月  7 03:40:02 2016
 4月  7 03:50:02 2016
start 1
UNIQUE constraint failed: building.id
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: not found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: not found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: not found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: not found kmz
start 19
finish 19: not found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: not found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: not found kmz
start 27
finish 27: not found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: not found kmz
start 32
finish 32: not found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: not found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: not found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: not found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: not found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: not found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: not found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: found kmz
start 69
finish 69: not found kmz
start 70
finish 70: found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
finish 72: not found kmz
start 73
finish 73: found kmz
start 74
finish 74: found kmz
start 75
finish 75: found kmz
start 76
finish 76: found kmz
start 77
finish 77: not found kmz
start 78
finish 78: found kmz
start 79
finish 79: found kmz
start 80
finish 80: found kmz
start 81
finish 81: found kmz
start 82
finish 82: found kmz
start 83
finish 83: found kmz
start 84
finish 84: found kmz
start 85
finish 85: not found kmz
start 86
finish 86: found kmz
start 87
finish 87: found kmz
start 88
finish 88: found kmz
start 89
finish 89: not found kmz
start 90
finish 90: not found kmz
start 91
finish 91: found kmz
start 92
finish 92: not found kmz
start 93
finish 93: found kmz
start 94
finish 94: found kmz
start 95
finish 95: found kmz
start 96
finish 96: found kmz
start 97
finish 97: found kmz
start 98
finish 98: found kmz
start 99
finish 99: found kmz
start 100
finish 100: found kmz
start 101
finish 101: found kmz
start 102
finish 102: found kmz
start 103
finish 103: found kmz
start 104
finish 104: not found kmz
start 105
finish 105: found kmz
start 106
finish 106: found kmz
start 107
finish 107: found kmz
start 108
finish 108: found kmz
start 109
finish 109: found kmz
start 110
finish 110: found kmz
start 111
finish 111: found kmz
start 112
finish 112: not found kmz
start 113
finish 113: found kmz
start 114
finish 114: found kmz
start 115
finish 115: found kmz
start 116
finish 116: found kmz
start 117
finish 117: found kmz
start 118
finish 118: not found kmz
start 119
finish 119: found kmz
start 120
finish 120: found kmz
start 121
finish 121: found kmz
start 122
finish 122: found kmz
start 123
finish 123: found kmz
start 124
finish 124: found kmz
start 125
finish 125: found kmz
start 126
finish 126: found kmz
start 127
finish 127: found kmz
start 128
finish 128: not found kmz
start 129
finish 129: found kmz
start 130
finish 130: found kmz
start 131
finish 131: found kmz
start 132
fi 4月  7 04:00:03 2016
nish 132: found kmz
start 133
finish 133: found kmz
start 134
finish 134: found kmz
start 135
finish 135: found kmz
start 136
finish 136: found kmz
start 137
finish 137: found kmz
start 138
finish 138: found kmz
start 139
finish 139: found kmz
start 140
finish 140: found kmz
start 141
finish 141: found kmz
start 142
finish 142: found kmz
start 143
finish 143: found kmz
start 144
finish 144: found kmz
start 145
finish 145: found kmz
start 146
finish 146: found kmz
start 147
finish 147: found kmz
start 148
finish 148: found kmz
start 149
'NoneType' object has no attribute 'strip'
 4月  7 04:10:02 2016
 4月  7 04:20:02 2016
 4月  7 04:30:02 2016
 4月  7 04:40:02 2016
 4月  7 04:50:03 2016
 4月  7 05:00:08 2016
 4月  7 05:10:08 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: not found kmz
start 12
finish 12: not found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: not found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: not found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: not found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: not found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: not found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: not found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: not found kmz
start 43
finish 43: not found kmz
start 44
finish 44: not found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: not found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: not found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: not found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: not found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
finish 70: found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
finish 72: found kmz
start 73
finish 73: found kmz
start 74
finish 74: found kmz
start 75
finish 75: found kmz
start 76
finish 76: found kmz
start 77
finish 77: not found kmz
start 78
finish 78: found kmz
start 79
finish 79: found kmz
start 80
timeout
 4月  7 05:20:02 2016
 4月  7 05:30:07 2016
 4月  7 05:40:05 2016
 4月  7 05:50:03 2016
 4月  7 06:00:02 2016
 4月  7 06:10:02 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: not found kmz
start 4
finish 4: not found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: not found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: not found kmz
start 21
finish 21: not found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: not found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: not found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: not found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: not found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: not found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: not found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: not found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
finish 70: found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
finish 72: not found kmz
start 73
finish 73: found kmz
start 74
finish 74: not found kmz
start 75
finish 75: not found kmz
start 76
finish 76: found kmz
start 77
finish 77: found kmz
start 78
finish 78: found kmz
start 79
finish 79: found kmz
start 80
finish 80: found kmz
start 81
finish 81: not found kmz
start 82
finish 82: not found kmz
start 83
finish 83: found kmz
start 84
finish 84: found kmz
start 85
finish 85: found kmz
start 86
finish 86: found kmz
start 87
finish 87: found kmz
start 88
finish 88: found kmz
start 89
finish 89: found kmz
start 90
finish 90: found kmz
start 91
finish 91: found kmz
start 92
finish 92: found kmz
start 93
finish 93: not found kmz
start 94
finish 94: found kmz
start 95
finish 95: found kmz
start 96
finish 96: found kmz
start 97
finish 97: found kmz
start 98
finish 98: not found kmz
start 99
finish 99: found kmz
start 100
finish 100: found kmz
start 101
finish 101: found kmz
start 102
finish 102: found kmz
start 103
finish 103: found kmz
start 104
finish 104: found kmz
start 105
finish 105: found kmz
start 106
finish 106: found kmz
start 107
finish 107: found kmz
start 108
finish 108: found kmz
start 109
finish 109: found kmz
start 110
finish 110: not found kmz
start 111
finish 111: found kmz
start 112
finish 112: found kmz
start 113
finish 113: found kmz
start 114
finish 114: found kmz
start 115
finish 115: found kmz
start 116
finish 116: found kmz
start 117
finish 117: not found kmz
start 118
finish 118: not found kmz
start 119
finish 119: found kmz
start 120
finish 120: found kmz
start 121
finish 121: not found kmz
start 122
finish 122: found kmz
start 123
finish 123: not found kmz
start 124
finish 124: found kmz
start 125
finish 125: not found kmz
start 126
finish 126: found kmz
start 127
finish 127: found kmz
start 128
finish 128: found kmz
start 129
finish 129: not found kmz
start 130
finish 130: not found kmz
start 131
finish 131: not found kmz
start 13 4月  7 06:20:02 2016
 4月  7 06:30:10 2016
 4月  7 06:40:03 2016
 4月  7 06:50:02 2016
start 1
finish 1: not found kmz
start 2
UNIQUE constraint failed: building.id
2
finish 132: found kmz
start 133
finish 133: found kmz
start 134
finish 134: not found kmz
start 135
finish 135: found kmz
start 136
finish 136: found kmz
start 137
finish 137: found kmz
start 138
finish 138: found kmz
start 139
finish 139: not found kmz
start 140
finish 140: found kmz
start 141
finish 141: found kmz
start 142
finish 142: found kmz
start 143
finish 143: found kmz
start 144
finish 144: not found kmz
start 145
finish 145: not found kmz
start 146
finish 146: not found kmz
start 147
finish 147: found kmz
start 148
finish 148: found kmz
start 149
finish 149: found kmz
start 150
finish 150: not found kmz
start 151
finish 151: not found kmz
start 152
finish 152: not found kmz
start 153
finish 153: found kmz
start 154
finish 154: found kmz
start 155
finish 155: found kmz
start 156
finish 156: not found kmz
start 157
finish 157: found kmz
start 158
finish 158: found kmz
start 159
finish 159: found kmz
start 160
finish 160: found kmz
start 161
finish 161: not found kmz
start 162
finish 162: found kmz
start 163
finish 163: found kmz
start 164
finish 164: not found kmz
start 165
finish 165: found kmz
start 166
finish 166: not found kmz
start 167
finish 167: found kmz
start 168
finish 168: found kmz
start 169
finish 169: found kmz
start 170
finish 170: found kmz
start 171
finish 171: found kmz
start 172
finish 172: found kmz
start 173
finish 173: found kmz
start 174
finish 174: found kmz
start 175
finish 175: found kmz
start 176
finish 176: not found kmz
start 177
finish 177: not found kmz
start 178
finish 178: found kmz
start 179
finish 179: not found kmz
start 180
finish 180: found kmz
start 181
finish 181: found kmz
start 182
finish 182: found kmz
start 183
finish 183: found kmz
start 184
finish 184: found kmz
start 185
finish 185: found kmz
start 186
finish 186: found kmz
start 187
finish 187: not found kmz
start 188
finish 188: found kmz
start 189
finish 189: not found kmz
start 190
finish 190: not found kmz
start 191
finish 191: found kmz
start 192
finish 192: not found kmz
start 193
finish 193: found kmz
start 194
finish 194: not found kmz
start 195
finish 195: found kmz
start 196
finish 196: found kmz
start 197
finish 197: found kmz
start 198
finish 198: found kmz
start 199
finish 199: found kmz
start 200
finish 200: found kmz
start 201
finish 201: found kmz
start 202
finish 202: found kmz
start 203
finish 203: found kmz
start 204
finish 204: found kmz
start 205
finish 205: found kmz
start 206
finish 206: found kmz
start 207
finish 207: found kmz
start 208
finish 208: not found kmz
start 209
finish 209: found kmz
start 210
finish 210: not found kmz
start 211
finish 211: found kmz
start 212
finish 212: found kmz
start 213
finish 213: found kmz
start 214
finish 214: found kmz
start 215
finish 215: found kmz
start 216
finish 216: found kmz
start 217
finish 217: not found kmz
start 218
finish 218: not found kmz
start 219
finish 219: found kmz
start 220
finish 220: found kmz
start 221
finish 221: not found kmz
start 222
finish 222: found kmz
start 223
finish 223: not found kmz
start 224
finish 224: found kmz
start 225
finish 225: not found kmz
start 226
finish 226: found kmz
start 227
finish 227: not found kmz
start 228
finish 228: found kmz
start 229
finish 229: found kmz
start 230
finish 230: found kmz
start 231
finish 231: found kmz
start 232
finish 232: found kmz
start 233
finish 233: found kmz
start 234
finish 234: found kmz
start 235
finish 235: found kmz
start 236
finish 236: found kmz
start 237
finish 237: found kmz
start 238
finish 238: found kmz
start 239
finish 239: not found kmz
start 240
finish 240: not found kmz
start 241
finish 241: not found kmz
start 242
finish 242: found kmz
start 243
finish 243: found kmz
start 244
finish 244: found kmz
start 245
finish 245: found kmz
start 246
finish 246: found kmz
start 247
finish 247: found kmz
start 248
finish 248: found kmz
start 249
finish 249: found kmz
start 250
finish 250: found kmz
start 251
finish 251: found kmz
start 252
finish 252: found kmz
start 253
finish 253: found kmz
start 254
finish 254: found kmz
start 255
finish 255: found kmz
start 256
fi 4月  7 07:00:02 2016
start 1
UNIQUE constraint failed: building.id
 4月  7 07:10:02 2016
start 1
UNIQUE constraint failed: building.id
 4月  7 07:20:02 2016
 4月  7 07:30:03 2016
nish 256: not found kmz
start 257
finish 257: found kmz
start 258
finish 258: found kmz
start 259
finish 259: found kmz
start 260
finish 260: found kmz
start 261
finish 261: not found kmz
start 262
finish 262: not found kmz
start 263
finish 263: not found kmz
start 264
finish 264: not found kmz
start 265
finish 265: not found kmz
start 266
finish 266: found kmz
start 267
finish 267: not found kmz
start 268
finish 268: found kmz
start 269
finish 269: not found kmz
start 270
finish 270: found kmz
start 271
finish 271: found kmz
start 272
finish 272: not found kmz
start 273
finish 273: found kmz
start 274
finish 274: found kmz
start 275
finish 275: found kmz
start 276
finish 276: found kmz
start 277
finish 277: not found kmz
start 278
finish 278: found kmz
start 279
finish 279: found kmz
start 280
finish 280: found kmz
start 281
finish 281: found kmz
start 282
finish 282: found kmz
start 283
finish 283: found kmz
start 284
finish 284: found kmz
start 285
finish 285: not found kmz
start 286
finish 286: not found kmz
start 287
finish 287: found kmz
start 288
finish 288: found kmz
start 289
finish 289: found kmz
start 290
finish 290: found kmz
start 291
finish 291: found kmz
start 292
finish 292: found kmz
start 293
finish 293: found kmz
start 294
finish 294: found kmz
start 295
finish 295: not found kmz
start 296
finish 296: not found kmz
start 297
finish 297: not found kmz
start 298
finish 298: found kmz
start 299
finish 299: found kmz
start 300
finish 300: found kmz
start 301
finish 301: found kmz
start 302
finish 302: found kmz
start 303
finish 303: found kmz
start 304
finish 304: found kmz
start 305
finish 305: found kmz
start 306
finish 306: not found kmz
start 307
finish 307: found kmz
start 308
finish 308: found kmz
start 309
finish 309: found kmz
start 310
finish 310: not found kmz
start 311
finish 311: not found kmz
start 312
finish 312: found kmz
start 313
finish 313: found kmz
start 314
finish 314: found kmz
start 315
finish 315: found kmz
start 316
finish 316: not found kmz
start 317
finish 317: not found kmz
start 318
finish 318: not found kmz
start 319
finish 319: not found kmz
start 320
finish 320: found kmz
start 321
finish 321: not found kmz
start 322
finish 322: not found kmz
start 323
finish 323: not found kmz
start 324
finish 324: not found kmz
start 325
finish 325: not found kmz
start 326
finish 326: not found kmz
start 327
finish 327: not found kmz
start 328
finish 328: not found kmz
start 329
finish 329: found kmz
start 330
finish 330: found kmz
start 331
finish 331: found kmz
start 332
finish 332: found kmz
start 333
finish 333: not found kmz
start 334
finish 334: not found kmz
start 335
finish 335: found kmz
start 336
finish 336: found kmz
start 337
finish 337: found kmz
start 338
finish 338: found kmz
start 339
finish 339: found kmz
start 340
finish 340: found kmz
start 341
finish 341: found kmz
start 342
finish 342: found kmz
start 343
finish 343: found kmz
start 344
finish 344: not found kmz
start 345
finish 345: found kmz
start 346
finish 346: not found kmz
start 347
finish 347: found kmz
start 348
finish 348: not found kmz
start 349
finish 349: found kmz
start 350
finish 350: found kmz
start 351
finish 351: found kmz
start 352
finish 352: found kmz
start 353
finish 353: found kmz
start 354
finish 354: found kmz
start 355
finish 355: found kmz
start 356
finish 356: found kmz
start 357
finish 357: found kmz
start 358
finish 358: found kmz
start 359
finish 359: found kmz
start 360
finish 360: found kmz
start 361
finish 361: found kmz
start 362
finish 362: found kmz
start 363
finish 363: not found kmz
start 364
finish 364: not found kmz
start 365
finish 365: found kmz
start 366
finish 366: not found kmz
start 367
finish 367: found kmz
start 368
finish 368: found kmz
start 369
finish 369: found kmz
start 370
finish 370: found kmz
start 371
finish 371: not found kmz
start 372
finish 372: found kmz
start 373
finish 373: found kmz
start 374
finish 374: found kmz
start 375
finish 375: found kmz
start 376
finish 376: found kmz
start 377
finish 377: not found kmz
start 378
finish 378: found kmz
start 379
fi 4月  7 07:40:02 2016
 4月  7 07:50:03 2016
nish 379: not found kmz
start 380
finish 380: found kmz
start 381
finish 381: found kmz
start 382
finish 382: found kmz
start 383
finish 383: found kmz
start 384
finish 384: found kmz
start 385
finish 385: found kmz
start 386
finish 386: found kmz
start 387
finish 387: found kmz
start 388
finish 388: found kmz
start 389
finish 389: found kmz
start 390
finish 390: found kmz
start 391
finish 391: found kmz
start 392
finish 392: found kmz
start 393
finish 393: not found kmz
start 394
finish 394: found kmz
start 395
finish 395: found kmz
start 396
finish 396: not found kmz
start 397
finish 397: found kmz
start 398
finish 398: found kmz
start 399
finish 399: found kmz
start 400
finish 400: found kmz
start 401
finish 401: found kmz
start 402
finish 402: not found kmz
start 403
finish 403: found kmz
start 404
finish 404: found kmz
start 405
finish 405: not found kmz
start 406
finish 406: found kmz
start 407
finish 407: found kmz
start 408
finish 408: found kmz
start 409
finish 409: not found kmz
start 410
finish 410: found kmz
start 411
finish 411: found kmz
start 412
finish 412: found kmz
start 413
finish 413: found kmz
start 414
finish 414: found kmz
start 415
finish 415: found kmz
start 416
finish 416: not found kmz
start 417
finish 417: found kmz
start 418
finish 418: found kmz
start 419
finish 419: found kmz
start 420
finish 420: not found kmz
start 421
finish 421: not found kmz
start 422
finish 422: found kmz
start 423
finish 423: found kmz
start 424
finish 424: found kmz
start 425
finish 425: found kmz
start 426
finish 426: found kmz
start 427
finish 427: found kmz
start 428
finish 428: not found kmz
start 429
finish 429: found kmz
start 430
finish 430: found kmz
start 431
finish 431: found kmz
start 432

start 1

 4月  7 08:00:05 2016
 4月  7 08:10:02 2016
 4月  7 08:20:02 2016
 4月  7 08:30:02 2016
 4月  7 08:40:02 2016
 4月  7 08:50:03 2016
 4月  7 09:00:02 2016
 4月  7 09:10:32 2016
 4月  7 09:20:01 2016
 4月  7 09:30:01 2016
start 1

start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: not found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: not found kmz
start 9
finish 9: not found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25

 4月  7 09:40:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: not found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: not found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: not found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: not found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: not found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: not found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: not found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: not found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: not found kmz
start 53
finish 53: not found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: not found kmz
start 56
finish 56: not found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: not found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: not found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
finish 70: not found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
finish 72: found kmz
start 73
finish 73: found kmz
start 74
finish 74: found kmz
start 75
finish 75: found kmz
start 76
finish 76: found kmz
start 77
finish 77: found kmz
start 78
finish 78: found kmz
start 79
finish 79: found kmz
start 80
finish 80: not found kmz
start 81
finish 81: not found kmz
start 82
finish 82: not found kmz
start 83
finish 83: not found kmz
start 84
finish 84: not found kmz
start 85

 4月  7 12:10:01 2016
start 1

 4月  7 13:40:01 2016
 4月  7 14:00:01 2016
 4月  7 15:00:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: not found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: not found kmz
start 27
finish 27: not found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: not found kmz
start 33
finish 33: not found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50

 4月  7 15:50:01 2016
start 1
timeout
 4月  7 16:00:01 2016
 4月  7 17:40:01 2016
start 1
timeout
 4月  7 17:50:01 2016
start 1
timeout
 4月  7 18:00:01 2016
 4月  7 18:30:01 2016
 4月  7 19:50:01 2016
start 1
The read operation timed out
 4月  7 20:20:01 2016
 4月  7 20:40:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: not found kmz
start 2
finish 2: not found kmz
start 3
finish 3: not found kmz
start 4
finish 4: not found kmz
start 5
finish 5: not found kmz
start 6
finish 6: not found kmz
start 7
finish 7: not found kmz
start 8
other exception:  
 4月  7 23:20:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  7 23:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  7 23:40:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  7 23:50:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 00:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 00:10:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 00:20:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 00:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 00:40:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 00:50:02 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 01:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 01:10:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 01:20:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 01:30:02 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 01:40:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 01:50:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 02:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 02:10:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 02:20:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 02:30:02 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 02:40:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 02:50:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月  8 03:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 03:10:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月  8 03:20:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 03:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 03:40:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 03:50:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 04:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 04:10:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 04:20:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 04:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 04:40:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 04:50:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 05:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 05:10:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 05:20:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 05:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 05:40:02 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 05:50:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 06:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 06:10:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 06:20:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 06:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 06:40:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 06:50:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 07:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 07:10:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 07:20:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 07:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 07:40:02 2016
start 1
There was some other socket error
other exception:  
 4月  8 07:50:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 08:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 08:10:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 08:20:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 08:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 08:40:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 08:50:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 09:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 09:10:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  local variable 'kmzurl' referenced before assignment
 4月  8 09:50:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
other exception:  timed out
 4月  8 10:10:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
There was some other socket error
other exception:  
 4月  8 10:20:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
There was some other socket error
other exception:  
 4月  8 10:30:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  8 10:48:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: not found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: not found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
finish 70: not found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
finish 72: found kmz
start 73
finish 73: found kmz
start 74
finish 74: found kmz
start 75
finish 75: found kmz
start 76
finish 76: found kmz
start 77
finish 77: found kmz
start 78
finish 78: found kmz
start 79
finish 79: found kmz
start 80
finish 80: found kmz
start 81
finish 81: found kmz
start 82
finish 82: found kmz
start 83
finish 83: found kmz
start 84
finish 84: found kmz
start 85
finish 85: found kmz
start 86
finish 86: found kmz
start 87
finish 87: found kmz
start 88
finish 88: found kmz
start 89
finish 89: found kmz
start 90
finish 90: found kmz
start 91
finish 91: found kmz
start 92
finish 92: found kmz
start 93
finish 93: found kmz
start 94
finish 94: found kmz
start 95
finish 95: found kmz
start 96
finish 96: found kmz
start 97
finish 97: found kmz
start 98
finish 98: found kmz
start 99
finish 99: found kmz
start 100
finish 100: found kmz
start 101
finish 101: found kmz
start 102
finish 102: found kmz
start 103
finish 103: found kmz
start 104
finish 104: found kmz
start 105
finish 105: found kmz
start 106
finish 106: found kmz
start 107
finish 107: not found kmz
start 108
finish 108: found kmz
start 109
finish 109: found kmz
start 110
finish 110: found kmz
start 111
finish 111: found kmz
start 112
finish 112: found kmz
start 113
finish 113: found kmz
start 114
finish 114: found kmz
start 115
finish 115: found kmz
start 116
finish 116: found kmz
start 117
finish 117: found kmz
start 118
finish 118: found kmz
start 119
finish 119: found kmz
start 120
finish 120: found kmz
start 121
finish 121: found kmz
start 122
finish 122: found kmz
start 123
finish 123: found kmz
start 124
finish 124: found kmz
start 125
finish 125: found kmz
start 126
finish 126: found kmz
start 127
finish 127: found kmz
start 128
finish 128: found kmz
start 129
finish 129: found kmz
start 130
finish 130: found kmz
start 131
finish 131: found kmz
start 132
finish 132: found kmz
start 133
finish 133: found kmz
start 134
finish 134: found kmz
start 135
finish 135: found kmz
start 136
finish 136: found kmz
start 137
finish 137: not found kmz
start 138
finish 138: found kmz
start 139
finish 139: found kmz
start 140
finish 140: found kmz
start 141
finish 141: found kmz
start 142
finish 142: found kmz
start 143
finish 143: found kmz
start 144
finish 144: found kmz
start 145
finish 145: found kmz
start 146
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  8 11:54:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: not found kmz
start 14
finish 14: not found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  8 12:12:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: not found kmz
start 8
finish 8: not found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: not found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  8 12:24:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: not found kmz
start 5
finish 5: not found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: not found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
other exception:  
 4月  8 12:48:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: not found kmz
start 8
finish 8: not found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: not found kmz
start 13
finish 13: not found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: not found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
finish 70: found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
finish 72: found kmz
start 73
finish 73: found kmz
start 74
finish 74: found kmz
start 75
finish 75: not found kmz
start 76
finish 76: found kmz
start 77
finish 77: found kmz
start 78
finish 78: found kmz
start 79
finish 79: not found kmz
start 80
finish 80: found kmz
start 81
finish 81: found kmz
start 82
finish 82: found kmz
start 83
finish 83: found kmz
start 84
finish 84: found kmz
start 85
finish 85: found kmz
start 86
finish 86: found kmz
start 87
finish 87: found kmz
start 88
finish 88: found kmz
start 89
finish 89: found kmz
start 90
finish 90: found kmz
start 91
finish 91: found kmz
start 92
finish 92: found kmz
start 93
finish 93: found kmz
start 94
finish 94: found kmz
start 95
finish 95: found kmz
start 96
finish 96: found kmz
start 97
finish 97: found kmz
start 98
finish 98: found kmz
start 99
finish 99: found kmz
start 100
finish 100: found kmz
start 101
finish 101: found kmz
start 102
finish 102: found kmz
start 103
finish 103: found kmz
start 104
finish 104: found kmz
start 105
finish 105: found kmz
start 106
finish 106: found kmz
start 107
finish 107: found kmz
start 108
finish 108: found kmz
start 109
finish 109: found kmz
start 110
finish 110: found kmz
start 111
finish 111: found kmz
start 112
finish 112: found kmz
start 113
finish 113: found kmz
start 114
finish 114: found kmz
start 115
finish 115: found kmz
start 116
finish 116: found kmz
start 117
finish 117: found kmz
start 118
finish 118: found kmz
start 119
finish 119: not found kmz
start 120
finish 120: found kmz
start 121
finish 121: found kmz
start 122
finish 122: found kmz
start 123
finish 123: found kmz
start 124
finish 124: found kmz
start 125
finish 125: found kmz
start 126
finish 126: found kmz
start 127
finish 127: found kmz
start 128
finish 128: not found kmz
start 129
finish 129: found kmz
start 130
finish 130: found kmz
start 131
finish 131: found kmz
start 132
finish 132: found kmz
start 133
finish 133: found kmz
start 134
finish 134: found kmz
start 135
finish 135: found kmz
start 136
finish 136: found kmz
start 137
finish 137: found kmz
start 138
finish 138: found kmz
start 139
finish 139: found kmz
start 140
finish 140: found kmz
start 141
finish 141: found kmz
start 142
finish 142: found kmz
start 143
finish 143: found kmz
start 144
finish 144: found kmz
start 145
finish 145: found kmz
start 146
finish 146: found kmz
start 147
finish 147: found kmz
start 148
finish 148: found kmz
start 149
finish 149: found kmz
start 150
finish 150: found kmz
start 151
finish 151: found kmz
start 152
finish 152: found kmz
start 153
finish 153: found kmz
start 154
finish 154: not found kmz
start 155
finish 155: not found kmz
start 156
finish 156: found kmz
start 157
finish 157: found kmz
start 158
finish 158: found kmz
start 159
finish 159: found kmz
start 160
finish 160: found kmz
start 161
finish 161: found kmz
start 162
finish 162: found kmz
start 163
finish 163: found kmz
start 164
finish 164: found kmz
start 165
finish 165: found kmz
start 166
finish 166: found kmz
start 167
finish 167: found kmz
start 168
finish 168: found kmz
start 169
finish 169: found kmz
start 170
other exception:  
 4月  8 14:12:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: not found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: not found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: not found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
finish 70: not found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
finish 72: found kmz
start 73
finish 73: found kmz
start 74
finish 74: found kmz
start 75
finish 75: found kmz
start 76
finish 76: found kmz
start 77
finish 77: found kmz
start 78
finish 78: found kmz
start 79
finish 79: not found kmz
start 80
finish 80: found kmz
start 81
finish 81: found kmz
start 82
finish 82: found kmz
start 83
finish 83: found kmz
start 84
finish 84: found kmz
start 85
finish 85: found kmz
start 86
finish 86: found kmz
start 87
finish 87: not found kmz
start 88
finish 88: found kmz
start 89
finish 89: not found kmz
start 90
finish 90: found kmz
start 91
finish 91: found kmz
start 92
finish 92: found kmz
start 93
finish 93: found kmz
start 94
finish 94: found kmz
start 95
finish 95: found kmz
start 96
finish 96: found kmz
start 97
finish 97: found kmz
start 98
finish 98: found kmz
start 99
finish 99: found kmz
start 100
finish 100: found kmz
start 101
finish 101: found kmz
start 102
finish 102: found kmz
start 103
finish 103: found kmz
start 104
finish 104: found kmz
start 105
finish 105: found kmz
start 106
finish 106: found kmz
start 107
finish 107: found kmz
start 108
finish 108: found kmz
start 109
finish 109: not found kmz
start 110
finish 110: found kmz
start 111
finish 111: found kmz
start 112
finish 112: found kmz
start 113
finish 113: found kmz
start 114
finish 114: found kmz
start 115
finish 115: found kmz
start 116
finish 116: not found kmz
start 117
finish 117: found kmz
start 118
finish 118: found kmz
start 119
finish 119: found kmz
start 120
finish 120: found kmz
start 121
finish 121: found kmz
start 122
finish 122: found kmz
start 123
finish 123: found kmz
start 124
finish 124: found kmz
start 125
finish 125: found kmz
start 126
finish 126: found kmz
start 127
finish 127: found kmz
start 128
finish 128: found kmz
start 129
finish 129: found kmz
start 130
finish 130: found kmz
start 131
finish 131: found kmz
start 132
finish 132: found kmz
start 133
finish 133: not found kmz
start 134
finish 134: found kmz
start 135
finish 135: found kmz
start 136
finish 136: found kmz
start 137
finish 137: found kmz
start 138
finish 138: found kmz
start 139
finish 139: found kmz
start 140
finish 140: found kmz
start 141
finish 141: found kmz
start 142
finish 142: found kmz
start 143
finish 143: found kmz
start 144
finish 144: found kmz
start 145
finish 145: not found kmz
start 146
finish 146: found kmz
start 147
finish 147: found kmz
start 148
finish 148: found kmz
start 149
finish 149: found kmz
start 150
finish 150: found kmz
start 151
finish 151: found kmz
start 152
finish 152: found kmz
start 153
finish 153: found kmz
start 154
finish 154: found kmz
start 155
finish 155: found kmz
start 156
finish 156: not found kmz
start 157
finish 157: found kmz
start 158
finish 158: found kmz
start 159
finish 159: found kmz
start 160
finish 160: found kmz
start 161
finish 161: found kmz
start 162
finish 162: found kmz
start 163
finish 163: found kmz
start 164
finish 164: found kmz
start 165
finish 165: found kmz
start 166
finish 166: not found kmz
start 167
finish 167: found kmz
start 168
finish 168: found kmz
start 169
finish 169: found kmz
start 170
finish 170: found kmz
start 171
finish 171: found kmz
start 172
finish 172: found kmz
start 173
finish 173: found kmz
start 174
finish 174: found kmz
start 175
finish 175: found kmz
start 176
finish 176: found kmz
start 177
finish 177: found kmz
start 178
finish 178: found kmz
start 179
finish 179: not found kmz
start 180
finish 180: found kmz
start 181
finish 181: found kmz
start 182
finish 182: found kmz
start 183
finish 183: found kmz
start 184
finish 184: found kmz
start 185
finish 185: found kmz
start 186
finish 186: found kmz
start 187
finish 187: not found kmz
start 188
finish 188: found kmz
start 189
finish 189: found kmz
start 190
finish 190: found kmz
start 191
finish 191: found kmz
start 192
finish 192: found kmz
start 193
finish 193: found kmz
start 194
finish 194: found kmz
start 195
finish 195: found kmz
start 196
finish 196: found kmz
start 197
finish 197: found kmz
start 198
finish 198: found kmz
start 199
finish 199: found kmz
start 200
finish 200: found kmz
start 201
finish 201: found kmz
start 202
finish 202: found kmz
start 203
finish 203: found kmz
start 204
finish 204: found kmz
start 205
finish 205: found kmz
start 206
finish 206: found kmz
start 207
finish 207: found kmz
start 208
finish 208: found kmz
start 209
finish 209: found kmz
start 210
finish 210: found kmz
start 211
finish 211: found kmz
start 212
finish 212: found kmz
start 213
finish 213: found kmz
start 214
finish 214: found kmz
start 215
finish 215: found kmz
start 216
finish 216: found kmz
start 217
finish 217: found kmz
start 218
finish 218: found kmz
start 219
finish 219: found kmz
start 220
finish 220: found kmz
start 221
finish 221: found kmz
start 222
finish 222: found kmz
start 223
finish 223: found kmz
start 224
finish 224: found kmz
start 225
finish 225: found kmz
start 226
finish 226: found kmz
start 227
finish 227: found kmz
start 228
finish 228: found kmz
start 229
finish 229: found kmz
start 230
finish 230: found kmz
start 231
finish 231: found kmz
start 232
finish 232: found kmz
start 233
finish 233: found kmz
start 234
finish 234: found kmz
start 235
finish 235: found kmz
start 236
finish 236: found kmz
start 237
finish 237: found kmz
start 238
finish 238: found kmz
start 239
finish 239: not found kmz
start 240
finish 240: found kmz
start 241
finish 241: found kmz
start 242
finish 242: found kmz
start 243
finish 243: found kmz
start 244
other exception:  
 4月  8 16:00:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: not found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  8 16:12:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: not found kmz
start 13
collada:other socket error:  [Errno 104] Connection reset by peer
other exception:  
 4月  8 16:30:01 2016
start 1
collada:other socket error:  [Errno 104] Connection reset by peer
other exception:  
 4月  8 16:42:01 2016
start 1
collada:other socket error:  [Errno 104] Connection reset by peer
other exception:  
 4月  8 16:48:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: not found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
other exception:  
 4月  8 17:24:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: not found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: not found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: not found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: not found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
finish 70: found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
finish 72: found kmz
start 73
finish 73: found kmz
start 74
finish 74: found kmz
start 75
finish 75: found kmz
start 76
finish 76: found kmz
start 77
finish 77: found kmz
start 78
finish 78: found kmz
start 79
finish 79: found kmz
start 80
finish 80: found kmz
start 81
finish 81: found kmz
start 82
finish 82: found kmz
start 83
finish 83: found kmz
start 84
finish 84: found kmz
start 85
finish 85: found kmz
start 86
finish 86: found kmz
start 87
finish 87: found kmz
start 88
finish 88: found kmz
start 89
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  8 18:54:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
other exception:  'NoneType' object has no attribute 'strip'
 4月  8 19:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  'NoneType' object has no attribute 'strip'
 4月  8 19:06:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
other exception:  
 4月  8 19:12:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
other exception:  'NoneType' object has no attribute 'strip'
 4月  8 19:18:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: not found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: not found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  8 19:30:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: not found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: not found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  8 19:42:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  8 19:48:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: not found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  8 20:00:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  8 20:18:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  8 20:24:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: not found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: not found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: not found kmz
start 28
other exception:  'NoneType' object has no attribute 'strip'
 4月  8 20:42:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  'NoneType' object has no attribute 'strip'
 4月  8 20:48:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: not found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: not found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: not found kmz
start 32
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  8 21:06:02 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: not found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  8 21:24:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: not found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: not found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
other exception:  'NoneType' object has no attribute 'strip'
 4月  8 21:48:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: not found kmz
start 3
finish 3: not found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
other exception:  timed out
 4月  8 22:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月  8 22:06:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  8 22:18:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
other exception:  timed out
 4月  8 22:24:02 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  8 22:30:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
other exception:  
 4月  8 22:42:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
other exception:  timed out
 4月  8 23:00:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: not found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: not found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: not found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: not found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: not found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: not found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: not found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: not found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: not found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
finish 70: found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
finish 72: found kmz
start 73
finish 73: found kmz
start 74
finish 74: not found kmz
start 75
finish 75: found kmz
start 76
finish 76: found kmz
start 77
finish 77: found kmz
start 78
finish 78: found kmz
start 79
finish 79: found kmz
start 80
finish 80: found kmz
start 81
finish 81: found kmz
start 82
finish 82: found kmz
start 83
finish 83: found kmz
start 84
finish 84: found kmz
start 85
finish 85: found kmz
start 86
finish 86: found kmz
start 87
finish 87: found kmz
start 88
finish 88: found kmz
start 89
finish 89: not found kmz
start 90
finish 90: found kmz
start 91
finish 91: found kmz
start 92
finish 92: found kmz
start 93
finish 93: found kmz
start 94
finish 94: found kmz
start 95
finish 95: found kmz
start 96
finish 96: found kmz
start 97
finish 97: found kmz
start 98
finish 98: found kmz
start 99
finish 99: found kmz
start 100
finish 100: found kmz
start 101
finish 101: found kmz
start 102
finish 102: found kmz
start 103
finish 103: found kmz
start 104
finish 104: found kmz
start 105
finish 105: found kmz
start 106
finish 106: found kmz
start 107
finish 107: found kmz
start 108
finish 108: found kmz
start 109
finish 109: found kmz
start 110
finish 110: found kmz
start 111
finish 111: found kmz
start 112
finish 112: found kmz
start 113
finish 113: found kmz
start 114
finish 114: found kmz
start 115
finish 115: found kmz
start 116
finish 116: found kmz
start 117
finish 117: found kmz
start 118
finish 118: found kmz
start 119
finish 119: found kmz
start 120
finish 120: found kmz
start 121
finish 121: found kmz
start 122
finish 122: found kmz
start 123
finish 123: found kmz
start 124
finish 124: found kmz
start 125
finish 125: found kmz
start 126
finish 126: found kmz
start 127
finish 127: not found kmz
start 128
finish 128: found kmz
start 129
finish 129: found kmz
start 130
finish 130: found kmz
start 131
finish 131: found kmz
start 132
finish 132: found kmz
start 133
finish 133: found kmz
start 134
finish 134: found kmz
start 135
finish 135: found kmz
start 136
finish 136: found kmz
start 137
finish 137: found kmz
start 138
finish 138: found kmz
start 139
finish 139: found kmz
start 140
finish 140: found kmz
start 141
finish 141: found kmz
start 142
finish 142: found kmz
start 143
finish 143: found kmz
start 144
finish 144: found kmz
start 145
finish 145: found kmz
start 146
finish 146: found kmz
start 147
finish 147: found kmz
start 148
finish 148: found kmz
start 149
finish 149: found kmz
start 150
finish 150: found kmz
start 151
finish 151: found kmz
start 152
finish 152: found kmz
start 153
finish 153: found kmz
start 154
finish 154: not found kmz
start 155
finish 155: found kmz
start 156
finish 156: found kmz
start 157
finish 157: found kmz
start 158
finish 158: found kmz
start 159
finish 159: found kmz
start 160
finish 160: found kmz
start 161
finish 161: found kmz
start 162
finish 162: found kmz
start 163
finish 163: found kmz
start 164
finish 164: found kmz
start 165
finish 165: found kmz
start 166
finish 166: not found kmz
start 167
finish 167: found kmz
start 168
finish 168: found kmz
start 169
finish 169: found kmz
start 170
finish 170: found kmz
start 171
finish 171: found kmz
start 172
finish 172: found kmz
start 173
finish 173: found kmz
start 174
finish 174: found kmz
start 175
finish 175: found kmz
start 176
finish 176: found kmz
start 177
finish 177: found kmz
start 178
finish 178: found kmz
start 179
finish 179: found kmz
start 180
finish 180: found kmz
start 181
finish 181: found kmz
start 182
finish 182: found kmz
start 183
finish 183: found kmz
start 184
finish 184: found kmz
start 185
finish 185: found kmz
start 186
finish 186: found kmz
start 187
finish 187: found kmz
start 188
finish 188: found kmz
start 189
finish 189: found kmz
start 190
finish 190: found kmz
start 191
finish 191: found kmz
start 192
finish 192: found kmz
start 193
finish 193: found kmz
start 194
finish 194: found kmz
start 195
finish 195: found kmz
start 196
finish 196: found kmz
start 197
finish 197: found kmz
start 198
finish 198: found kmz
start 199
finish 199: found kmz
start 200
finish 200: found kmz
start 201
finish 201: found kmz
start 202
finish 202: found kmz
start 203
finish 203: found kmz
start 204
finish 204: found kmz
start 205
finish 205: not found kmz
start 206
finish 206: found kmz
start 207
finish 207: found kmz
start 208
other exception:  timed out
 4月  9 00:48:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: not found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: not found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
other exception:  timed out
 4月  9 01:06:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: not found kmz
start 3
finish 3: not found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: not found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
finish 70: found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
finish 72: found kmz
start 73
finish 73: found kmz
start 74
finish 74: found kmz
start 75
finish 75: found kmz
start 76
finish 76: found kmz
start 77
finish 77: found kmz
start 78
finish 78: found kmz
start 79
finish 79: found kmz
start 80
finish 80: found kmz
start 81
finish 81: found kmz
start 82
finish 82: not found kmz
start 83
finish 83: found kmz
start 84
finish 84: found kmz
start 85
finish 85: found kmz
start 86
finish 86: found kmz
start 87
finish 87: found kmz
start 88
finish 88: not found kmz
start 89
finish 89: found kmz
start 90
finish 90: found kmz
start 91
finish 91: found kmz
start 92
finish 92: found kmz
start 93
finish 93: found kmz
start 94
finish 94: found kmz
start 95
finish 95: found kmz
start 96
finish 96: found kmz
start 97
finish 97: found kmz
start 98
finish 98: found kmz
start 99
finish 99: found kmz
start 100
finish 100: found kmz
start 101
finish 101: found kmz
start 102
finish 102: found kmz
start 103
finish 103: found kmz
start 104
finish 104: found kmz
start 105
finish 105: found kmz
start 106
finish 106: found kmz
start 107
finish 107: found kmz
start 108
finish 108: found kmz
start 109
finish 109: found kmz
start 110
finish 110: found kmz
start 111
finish 111: found kmz
start 112
finish 112: found kmz
start 113
finish 113: found kmz
start 114
finish 114: found kmz
start 115
finish 115: found kmz
start 116
finish 116: found kmz
start 117
finish 117: found kmz
start 118
finish 118: found kmz
start 119
finish 119: not found kmz
start 120
finish 120: found kmz
start 121
finish 121: not found kmz
start 122
finish 122: found kmz
start 123
finish 123: found kmz
start 124
finish 124: found kmz
start 125
finish 125: found kmz
start 126
finish 126: found kmz
start 127
finish 127: found kmz
start 128
finish 128: found kmz
start 129
finish 129: found kmz
start 130
finish 130: found kmz
start 131
finish 131: found kmz
start 132
finish 132: found kmz
start 133
finish 133: found kmz
start 134
finish 134: not found kmz
start 135
finish 135: found kmz
start 136
finish 136: found kmz
start 137
finish 137: found kmz
start 138
finish 138: found kmz
start 139
finish 139: found kmz
start 140
finish 140: found kmz
start 141
finish 141: not found kmz
start 142
finish 142: found kmz
start 143
finish 143: found kmz
start 144
finish 144: found kmz
start 145
finish 145: found kmz
start 146
finish 146: found kmz
start 147
finish 147: found kmz
start 148
finish 148: found kmz
start 149
finish 149: found kmz
start 150
finish 150: found kmz
start 151
finish 151: found kmz
start 152
finish 152: found kmz
start 153
finish 153: found kmz
start 154
finish 154: found kmz
start 155
finish 155: found kmz
start 156
finish 156: found kmz
start 157
finish 157: found kmz
start 158
finish 158: found kmz
start 159
finish 159: found kmz
start 160
finish 160: found kmz
start 161
finish 161: found kmz
start 162
finish 162: found kmz
start 163
finish 163: found kmz
start 164
finish 164: found kmz
start 165
finish 165: found kmz
start 166
finish 166: found kmz
start 167
finish 167: found kmz
start 168
finish 168: found kmz
start 169
finish 169: found kmz
start 170
finish 170: found kmz
start 171
finish 171: found kmz
start 172
finish 172: found kmz
start 173
finish 173: found kmz
start 174
finish 174: found kmz
start 175
finish 175: found kmz
start 176
finish 176: found kmz
start 177
finish 177: found kmz
start 178
finish 178: found kmz
start 179
finish 179: found kmz
start 180
finish 180: found kmz
start 181
finish 181: not found kmz
start 182
finish 182: found kmz
start 183
finish 183: found kmz
start 184
finish 184: found kmz
start 185
finish 185: found kmz
start 186
finish 186: found kmz
start 187
finish 187: found kmz
start 188
finish 188: found kmz
start 189
finish 189: found kmz
start 190
finish 190: found kmz
start 191
finish 191: found kmz
start 192
finish 192: found kmz
start 193
kmz:other socket error:  [Errno 104] Connection reset by peer
other exception:  
 4月  9 02:24:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: not found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: not found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
finish 70: found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
finish 72: found kmz
start 73
finish 73: found kmz
start 74
finish 74: not found kmz
start 75
finish 75: found kmz
start 76
finish 76: found kmz
start 77
finish 77: found kmz
start 78
finish 78: found kmz
start 79
finish 79: found kmz
start 80
finish 80: not found kmz
start 81
finish 81: found kmz
start 82
finish 82: found kmz
start 83
finish 83: found kmz
start 84
finish 84: found kmz
start 85
finish 85: found kmz
start 86
finish 86: found kmz
start 87
finish 87: not found kmz
start 88
finish 88: found kmz
start 89
collada:other socket error:  [Errno 104] Connection reset by peer
other exception:  
 4月  9 03:00:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: not found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: not found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: not found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: not found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
finish 70: found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
finish 72: not found kmz
start 73
finish 73: found kmz
start 74
finish 74: found kmz
start 75
finish 75: found kmz
start 76
finish 76: found kmz
start 77
finish 77: found kmz
start 78
other exception:  
 4月  9 03:30:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  9 03:42:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  9 03:48:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月  9 03:54:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
other exception:  
 4月  9 04:06:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月  9 04:12:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
other exception:  
 4月  9 04:18:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  [Errno 104] Connection reset by peer
other exception:  
 4月  9 04:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月  9 04:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月  9 04:42:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  9 04:48:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月  9 04:54:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  9 05:06:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  9 05:12:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  9 05:30:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
other exception:  timed out
 4月  9 05:36:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: not found kmz
start 2
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  9 05:42:01 2016
start 1
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  9 05:48:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: not found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: not found kmz
start 5
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  9 06:00:01 2016
start 1
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  9 06:06:01 2016
start 1
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  9 06:12:01 2016
start 1
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  9 06:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月  9 06:24:01 2016
start 1
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  9 06:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月  9 06:42:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: not found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
other exception:  
 4月  9 06:54:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
other exception:  
 4月  9 07:00:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  9 07:12:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: not found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: not found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: not found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: not found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: not found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
finish 70: found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
finish 72: found kmz
start 73
finish 73: found kmz
start 74
finish 74: found kmz
start 75
finish 75: found kmz
start 76
finish 76: not found kmz
start 77
finish 77: found kmz
start 78
finish 78: found kmz
start 79
finish 79: found kmz
start 80
finish 80: found kmz
start 81
finish 81: found kmz
start 82
finish 82: found kmz
start 83
finish 83: found kmz
start 84
finish 84: found kmz
start 85
finish 85: found kmz
start 86
finish 86: found kmz
start 87
finish 87: found kmz
start 88
finish 88: found kmz
start 89
finish 89: found kmz
start 90
finish 90: found kmz
start 91
finish 91: found kmz
start 92
finish 92: found kmz
start 93
finish 93: found kmz
start 94
finish 94: found kmz
start 95
finish 95: found kmz
start 96
finish 96: found kmz
start 97
finish 97: found kmz
start 98
finish 98: found kmz
start 99
finish 99: found kmz
start 100
finish 100: found kmz
start 101
finish 101: found kmz
start 102
finish 102: found kmz
start 103
finish 103: found kmz
start 104
finish 104: found kmz
start 105
finish 105: found kmz
start 106
finish 106: found kmz
start 107
finish 107: found kmz
start 108
finish 108: found kmz
start 109
finish 109: found kmz
start 110
finish 110: found kmz
start 111
finish 111: found kmz
start 112
finish 112: found kmz
start 113
finish 113: found kmz
start 114
finish 114: found kmz
start 115
finish 115: found kmz
start 116
finish 116: found kmz
start 117
finish 117: found kmz
start 118
finish 118: found kmz
start 119
finish 119: found kmz
start 120
finish 120: found kmz
start 121
finish 121: not found kmz
start 122
finish 122: found kmz
start 123
finish 123: found kmz
start 124
finish 124: found kmz
start 125
finish 125: found kmz
start 126
finish 126: not found kmz
start 127
finish 127: found kmz
start 128
finish 128: found kmz
start 129
finish 129: found kmz
start 130
finish 130: found kmz
start 131
finish 131: found kmz
start 132
finish 132: found kmz
start 133
finish 133: found kmz
start 134
finish 134: found kmz
start 135
finish 135: found kmz
start 136
finish 136: not found kmz
start 137
finish 137: found kmz
start 138
finish 138: found kmz
start 139
finish 139: found kmz
start 140
finish 140: found kmz
start 141
finish 141: found kmz
start 142
finish 142: not found kmz
start 143
finish 143: not found kmz
start 144
finish 144: found kmz
start 145
finish 145: found kmz
start 146
finish 146: found kmz
start 147
finish 147: found kmz
start 148
finish 148: found kmz
start 149
finish 149: found kmz
start 150
finish 150: found kmz
start 151
finish 151: found kmz
start 152
finish 152: found kmz
start 153
finish 153: found kmz
start 154
finish 154: found kmz
start 155
finish 155: found kmz
start 156
finish 156: found kmz
start 157
finish 157: found kmz
start 158
finish 158: found kmz
start 159
finish 159: found kmz
start 160
finish 160: found kmz
start 161
finish 161: found kmz
start 162
finish 162: found kmz
start 163
finish 163: found kmz
start 164
finish 164: found kmz
start 165
finish 165: found kmz
start 166
finish 166: found kmz
start 167
finish 167: found kmz
start 168
finish 168: found kmz
start 169
finish 169: found kmz
start 170
finish 170: found kmz
start 171
finish 171: found kmz
start 172
finish 172: found kmz
start 173
finish 173: found kmz
start 174
finish 174: found kmz
start 175
finish 175: found kmz
start 176
finish 176: found kmz
start 177
finish 177: found kmz
start 178
finish 178: found kmz
start 179
finish 179: found kmz
start 180
finish 180: found kmz
start 181
finish 181: found kmz
start 182
finish 182: not found kmz
start 183
finish 183: found kmz
start 184
finish 184: found kmz
start 185
finish 185: found kmz
start 186
finish 186: found kmz
start 187
finish 187: found kmz
start 188
finish 188: found kmz
start 189
finish 189: found kmz
start 190
finish 190: found kmz
start 191
finish 191: found kmz
start 192
finish 192: found kmz
start 193
finish 193: found kmz
start 194
finish 194: found kmz
start 195
finish 195: found kmz
start 196
finish 196: found kmz
start 197
finish 197: found kmz
start 198
finish 198: found kmz
start 199
finish 199: found kmz
start 200
finish 200: found kmz
start 201
finish 201: found kmz
start 202
finish 202: found kmz
start 203
finish 203: found kmz
start 204
finish 204: found kmz
start 205
finish 205: found kmz
start 206
finish 206: not found kmz
start 207
finish 207: found kmz
start 208
finish 208: found kmz
start 209
finish 209: found kmz
start 210
finish 210: found kmz
start 211
finish 211: found kmz
start 212
finish 212: found kmz
start 213
finish 213: found kmz
start 214
finish 214: found kmz
start 215
finish 215: found kmz
start 216
finish 216: found kmz
start 217
finish 217: found kmz
start 218
finish 218: found kmz
start 219
finish 219: found kmz
start 220
finish 220: found kmz
start 221
finish 221: found kmz
start 222
finish 222: found kmz
start 223
finish 223: found kmz
start 224
finish 224: found kmz
start 225
finish 225: found kmz
start 226
finish 226: not found kmz
start 227
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  9 08:42:02 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: not found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: not found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  9 08:54:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  9 09:06:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: not found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
finish 70: found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
finish 72: found kmz
start 73
finish 73: found kmz
start 74
finish 74: found kmz
start 75
finish 75: not found kmz
start 76
finish 76: found kmz
start 77
finish 77: found kmz
start 78
finish 78: found kmz
start 79
finish 79: found kmz
start 80
finish 80: found kmz
start 81
finish 81: found kmz
start 82
finish 82: found kmz
start 83
finish 83: found kmz
start 84
finish 84: found kmz
start 85
finish 85: found kmz
start 86
finish 86: found kmz
start 87
finish 87: found kmz
start 88
finish 88: found kmz
start 89
finish 89: not found kmz
start 90
finish 90: found kmz
start 91
finish 91: found kmz
start 92
finish 92: found kmz
start 93
finish 93: found kmz
start 94
finish 94: found kmz
start 95
finish 95: found kmz
start 96
finish 96: found kmz
start 97
finish 97: found kmz
start 98
finish 98: found kmz
start 99
finish 99: found kmz
start 100
finish 100: found kmz
start 101
finish 101: found kmz
start 102
finish 102: found kmz
start 103
finish 103: found kmz
start 104
finish 104: found kmz
start 105
finish 105: not found kmz
start 106
finish 106: found kmz
start 107
finish 107: found kmz
start 108
finish 108: found kmz
start 109
finish 109: found kmz
start 110
finish 110: found kmz
start 111
finish 111: found kmz
start 112
finish 112: found kmz
start 113
finish 113: found kmz
start 114
finish 114: found kmz
start 115
finish 115: found kmz
start 116
finish 116: found kmz
start 117
finish 117: found kmz
start 118
finish 118: found kmz
start 119
finish 119: found kmz
start 120
finish 120: found kmz
start 121
finish 121: found kmz
start 122
finish 122: found kmz
start 123
finish 123: found kmz
start 124
finish 124: found kmz
start 125
finish 125: found kmz
start 126
finish 126: found kmz
start 127
finish 127: found kmz
start 128
finish 128: found kmz
start 129
finish 129: found kmz
start 130
finish 130: found kmz
start 131
finish 131: found kmz
start 132
finish 132: found kmz
start 133
finish 133: not found kmz
start 134
finish 134: found kmz
start 135
finish 135: found kmz
start 136
finish 136: found kmz
start 137
finish 137: found kmz
start 138
finish 138: found kmz
start 139
other exception:  
 4月  9 10:12:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: not found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: not found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: not found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: not found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
finish 70: not found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
finish 72: found kmz
start 73
finish 73: found kmz
start 74
finish 74: found kmz
start 75
finish 75: not found kmz
start 76
finish 76: found kmz
start 77
finish 77: found kmz
start 78
finish 78: found kmz
start 79
finish 79: found kmz
start 80
finish 80: found kmz
start 81
finish 81: found kmz
start 82
finish 82: found kmz
start 83
finish 83: found kmz
start 84
finish 84: found kmz
start 85
finish 85: found kmz
start 86
finish 86: found kmz
start 87
finish 87: found kmz
start 88
finish 88: found kmz
start 89
finish 89: found kmz
start 90
finish 90: found kmz
start 91
finish 91: found kmz
start 92
finish 92: found kmz
start 93
finish 93: found kmz
start 94
finish 94: found kmz
start 95
finish 95: found kmz
start 96
finish 96: found kmz
start 97
finish 97: found kmz
start 98
finish 98: found kmz
start 99
finish 99: found kmz
start 100
finish 100: found kmz
start 101
finish 101: found kmz
start 102
finish 102: found kmz
start 103
finish 103: not found kmz
start 104
finish 104: found kmz
start 105
finish 105: found kmz
start 106
finish 106: found kmz
start 107
finish 107: found kmz
start 108
finish 108: found kmz
start 109
finish 109: not found kmz
start 110
finish 110: found kmz
start 111
finish 111: found kmz
start 112
finish 112: found kmz
start 113
finish 113: found kmz
start 114
finish 114: found kmz
start 115
finish 115: found kmz
start 116
finish 116: found kmz
start 117
finish 117: not found kmz
start 118
finish 118: found kmz
start 119
finish 119: found kmz
start 120
finish 120: found kmz
start 121
finish 121: found kmz
start 122
finish 122: found kmz
start 123
finish 123: found kmz
start 124
finish 124: found kmz
start 125
finish 125: found kmz
start 126
finish 126: found kmz
start 127
finish 127: found kmz
start 128
finish 128: found kmz
start 129
finish 129: not found kmz
start 130
finish 130: found kmz
start 131
finish 131: found kmz
start 132
finish 132: found kmz
start 133
finish 133: found kmz
start 134
finish 134: found kmz
start 135
finish 135: not found kmz
start 136
finish 136: found kmz
start 137
finish 137: found kmz
start 138
finish 138: found kmz
start 139
finish 139: found kmz
start 140
finish 140: found kmz
start 141
finish 141: found kmz
start 142
finish 142: found kmz
start 143
finish 143: found kmz
start 144
finish 144: found kmz
start 145
finish 145: found kmz
start 146
finish 146: not found kmz
start 147
finish 147: found kmz
start 148
finish 148: found kmz
start 149
finish 149: found kmz
start 150
finish 150: found kmz
start 151
finish 151: found kmz
start 152
finish 152: found kmz
start 153
finish 153: found kmz
start 154
finish 154: found kmz
start 155
finish 155: found kmz
start 156
finish 156: found kmz
start 157
finish 157: found kmz
start 158
finish 158: found kmz
start 159
finish 159: not found kmz
start 160
finish 160: found kmz
start 161
finish 161: found kmz
start 162
finish 162: found kmz
start 163
finish 163: found kmz
start 164
finish 164: found kmz
start 165
finish 165: found kmz
start 166
finish 166: found kmz
start 167
finish 167: found kmz
start 168
finish 168: found kmz
start 169
finish 169: not found kmz
start 170
finish 170: found kmz
start 171
finish 171: found kmz
start 172
finish 172: found kmz
start 173
finish 173: found kmz
start 174
finish 174: found kmz
start 175
finish 175: found kmz
start 176
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  9 11:24:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: not found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  9 11:36:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: not found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: not found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  9 12:12:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  9 12:24:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: not found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  9 12:48:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  9 13:00:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: not found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  9 13:12:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: not found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: not found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  9 13:30:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  9 15:18:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: not found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
other exception:  timed out
 4月  9 15:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月  9 16:00:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: not found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: not found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: not found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  9 16:54:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: not found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: not found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  9 17:06:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  9 17:12:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: not found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: not found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: not found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: not found kmz
start 36
finish 36: not found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  9 17:48:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: not found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: not found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: not found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: not found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: not found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: not found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: not found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: not found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: not found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
finish 70: found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
finish 72: found kmz
start 73
finish 73: found kmz
start 74
finish 74: found kmz
start 75
finish 75: found kmz
start 76
finish 76: found kmz
start 77
finish 77: found kmz
start 78
finish 78: found kmz
start 79
finish 79: found kmz
start 80
finish 80: found kmz
start 81
finish 81: found kmz
start 82
finish 82: not found kmz
start 83
finish 83: found kmz
start 84
finish 84: found kmz
start 85
finish 85: found kmz
start 86
finish 86: found kmz
start 87
finish 87: found kmz
start 88
finish 88: found kmz
start 89
finish 89: not found kmz
start 90
finish 90: found kmz
start 91
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  9 18:30:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  9 18:36:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: not found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  9 18:48:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: not found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: not found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: not found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  9 19:00:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: not found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: not found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: not found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  9 19:12:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: not found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  9 19:18:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: not found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: not found kmz
start 33
finish 33: not found kmz
start 34
finish 34: not found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: not found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: not found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: not found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: found kmz
start 69
finish 69: not found kmz
start 70
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  9 19:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月  9 20:00:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: not found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: not found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: not found kmz
start 17
finish 17: not found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: not found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: not found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: not found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
finish 70: found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
finish 72: found kmz
start 73
finish 73: found kmz
start 74
finish 74: found kmz
start 75
finish 75: found kmz
start 76
finish 76: found kmz
start 77
finish 77: found kmz
start 78
finish 78: found kmz
start 79
finish 79: found kmz
start 80
finish 80: not found kmz
start 81
finish 81: not found kmz
start 82
finish 82: found kmz
start 83
finish 83: found kmz
start 84
finish 84: found kmz
start 85
finish 85: found kmz
start 86
finish 86: found kmz
start 87
finish 87: found kmz
start 88
finish 88: found kmz
start 89
finish 89: found kmz
start 90
finish 90: found kmz
start 91
finish 91: not found kmz
start 92
finish 92: not found kmz
start 93
finish 93: found kmz
start 94
finish 94: found kmz
start 95
finish 95: found kmz
start 96
finish 96: found kmz
start 97
finish 97: found kmz
start 98
finish 98: found kmz
start 99
finish 99: found kmz
start 100
finish 100: found kmz
start 101
finish 101: found kmz
start 102
finish 102: found kmz
start 103
finish 103: found kmz
start 104
finish 104: found kmz
start 105
finish 105: found kmz
start 106
finish 106: found kmz
start 107
finish 107: found kmz
start 108
finish 108: found kmz
start 109
finish 109: found kmz
start 110
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月  9 21:12:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
other exception:  
 4月  9 21:42:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
other exception:  
 4月  9 21:54:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: not found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: not found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
finish 70: found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
finish 72: found kmz
start 73
finish 73: found kmz
start 74
finish 74: found kmz
start 75
finish 75: found kmz
start 76
finish 76: found kmz
start 77
finish 77: found kmz
start 78
finish 78: not found kmz
start 79
finish 79: found kmz
start 80
finish 80: found kmz
start 81
finish 81: found kmz
start 82
finish 82: found kmz
start 83
finish 83: found kmz
start 84
finish 84: found kmz
start 85
finish 85: found kmz
start 86
finish 86: found kmz
start 87
finish 87: found kmz
start 88
finish 88: found kmz
start 89
finish 89: not found kmz
start 90
finish 90: found kmz
start 91
finish 91: found kmz
start 92
finish 92: found kmz
start 93
finish 93: found kmz
start 94
finish 94: found kmz
start 95
finish 95: found kmz
start 96
finish 96: found kmz
start 97
finish 97: found kmz
start 98
finish 98: found kmz
start 99
finish 99: found kmz
start 100
finish 100: found kmz
start 101
finish 101: found kmz
start 102
finish 102: found kmz
start 103
finish 103: found kmz
start 104
finish 104: found kmz
start 105
finish 105: found kmz
start 106
finish 106: found kmz
start 107
finish 107: found kmz
start 108
finish 108: found kmz
start 109
finish 109: found kmz
start 110
finish 110: found kmz
start 111
finish 111: found kmz
start 112
finish 112: found kmz
start 113
finish 113: found kmz
start 114
finish 114: found kmz
start 115
finish 115: found kmz
start 116
finish 116: found kmz
start 117
finish 117: found kmz
start 118
finish 118: not found kmz
start 119
finish 119: found kmz
start 120
finish 120: found kmz
start 121
finish 121: found kmz
start 122
finish 122: found kmz
start 123
finish 123: found kmz
start 124
finish 124: found kmz
start 125
finish 125: found kmz
start 126
finish 126: found kmz
start 127
finish 127: found kmz
start 128
finish 128: found kmz
start 129
finish 129: found kmz
start 130
finish 130: found kmz
start 131
finish 131: found kmz
start 132
finish 132: found kmz
start 133
finish 133: found kmz
start 134
finish 134: found kmz
start 135
finish 135: found kmz
start 136
finish 136: found kmz
start 137
finish 137: found kmz
start 138
finish 138: found kmz
start 139
finish 139: found kmz
start 140
finish 140: found kmz
start 141
finish 141: found kmz
start 142
finish 142: found kmz
start 143
finish 143: found kmz
start 144
finish 144: found kmz
start 145
finish 145: found kmz
start 146
finish 146: found kmz
start 147
finish 147: found kmz
start 148
finish 148: found kmz
start 149
finish 149: found kmz
start 150
finish 150: found kmz
start 151
finish 151: found kmz
start 152
finish 152: found kmz
start 153
finish 153: found kmz
start 154
finish 154: found kmz
start 155
finish 155: found kmz
start 156
finish 156: not found kmz
start 157
finish 157: found kmz
start 158
finish 158: found kmz
start 159
finish 159: found kmz
start 160
finish 160: found kmz
start 161
finish 161: not found kmz
start 162
finish 162: found kmz
start 163
finish 163: found kmz
start 164
finish 164: found kmz
start 165
finish 165: found kmz
start 166
finish 166: found kmz
start 167
finish 167: found kmz
start 168
finish 168: found kmz
start 169
finish 169: found kmz
start 170
finish 170: found kmz
start 171
finish 171: found kmz
start 172
finish 172: found kmz
start 173
finish 173: not found kmz
start 174
finish 174: not found kmz
start 175
finish 175: found kmz
start 176
finish 176: not found kmz
start 177
finish 177: found kmz
start 178
finish 178: not found kmz
start 179
finish 179: found kmz
start 180
finish 180: found kmz
start 181
finish 181: found kmz
start 182
finish 182: found kmz
start 183
finish 183: found kmz
start 184
finish 184: found kmz
start 185
finish 185: found kmz
start 186
finish 186: found kmz
start 187
finish 187: found kmz
start 188
finish 188: found kmz
start 189
finish 189: found kmz
start 190
finish 190: found kmz
start 191
finish 191: found kmz
start 192
finish 192: not found kmz
start 193
finish 193: found kmz
start 194
finish 194: found kmz
start 195
finish 195: found kmz
start 196
finish 196: not found kmz
start 197
finish 197: found kmz
start 198
finish 198: found kmz
start 199
finish 199: found kmz
start 200
finish 200: found kmz
start 201
finish 201: found kmz
start 202
finish 202: found kmz
start 203
finish 203: found kmz
start 204
finish 204: found kmz
start 205
finish 205: found kmz
start 206
finish 206: found kmz
start 207
finish 207: found kmz
start 208
finish 208: found kmz
start 209
finish 209: found kmz
start 210
finish 210: found kmz
start 211
finish 211: found kmz
start 212
finish 212: found kmz
start 213
finish 213: found kmz
start 214
finish 214: found kmz
start 215
finish 215: found kmz
start 216
finish 216: found kmz
start 217
finish 217: found kmz
start 218
finish 218: found kmz
start 219
finish 219: found kmz
start 220
finish 220: found kmz
start 221
finish 221: found kmz
start 222
finish 222: found kmz
start 223
finish 223: found kmz
start 224
finish 224: found kmz
start 225
finish 225: found kmz
start 226
finish 226: found kmz
start 227
finish 227: found kmz
start 228
finish 228: found kmz
start 229
finish 229: found kmz
start 230
finish 230: found kmz
start 231
finish 231: not found kmz
start 232
finish 232: found kmz
start 233
finish 233: found kmz
start 234
finish 234: found kmz
start 235
finish 235: found kmz
start 236
finish 236: found kmz
start 237
finish 237: found kmz
start 238
finish 238: found kmz
start 239
finish 239: found kmz
start 240
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月 10 00:18:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月 10 00:24:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月 10 00:42:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月 10 00:54:02 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: not found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: not found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: not found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: not found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
other exception:  'NoneType' object has no attribute 'strip'
 4月 10 01:18:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: not found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月 10 01:30:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: not found kmz
start 10
finish 10: not found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  
 4月 10 01:42:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: not found kmz
start 8
finish 8: not found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
other exception:  
 4月 10 01:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 02:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 02:06:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 02:12:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 02:18:02 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 02:24:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 02:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 02:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 02:42:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 02:48:02 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 02:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 03:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 03:06:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 03:12:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 03:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 03:24:02 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 03:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 03:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 03:42:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 03:48:02 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 03:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 04:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 04:06:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 04:12:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 04:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 04:24:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 04:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 04:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 04:42:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 04:48:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 04:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 05:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 05:06:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 05:12:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 05:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 05:24:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 05:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 05:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 05:42:02 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 05:48:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 05:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 06:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 06:06:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 06:12:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 06:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 06:24:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 06:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 06:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 06:42:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 06:48:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 06:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 07:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 07:06:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 07:12:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 07:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 07:24:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 07:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 07:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 07:42:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 07:48:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 07:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 08:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 08:06:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 08:12:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 08:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 08:24:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 08:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 08:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 08:42:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 08:48:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 08:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 09:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 09:06:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 09:12:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 09:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 09:24:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 09:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 09:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 09:42:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 09:48:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  
 4月 10 10:54:01 2016
 4月 10 11:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  UNIQUE constraint failed: building.id
 4月 10 11:06:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  UNIQUE constraint failed: building.id
 4月 10 11:12:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
other exception:  UNIQUE constraint failed: building.id
 4月 10 11:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  UNIQUE constraint failed: building.id
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
other exception:  timed out
 4月 10 11:24:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 10 11:30:01 2016
 4月 10 11:36:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 10 11:42:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  ''
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 10 15:12:02 2016
 4月 10 15:18:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 10 15:48:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 10 16:00:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: not found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: not found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
finish 70: found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
finish 72: found kmz
start 73
finish 73: found kmz
start 74
finish 74: found kmz
start 75
finish 75: found kmz
start 76
finish 76: found kmz
start 77
finish 77: found kmz
start 78
finish 78: found kmz
start 79
finish 79: found kmz
start 80
finish 80: found kmz
start 81
finish 81: found kmz
start 82
finish 82: found kmz
start 83
finish 83: found kmz
start 84
finish 84: found kmz
start 85
finish 85: found kmz
start 86
finish 86: found kmz
start 87
finish 87: found kmz
start 88
finish 88: found kmz
start 89
finish 89: found kmz
start 90
finish 90: found kmz
start 91
finish 91: found kmz
start 92
finish 92: found kmz
start 93
finish 93: found kmz
start 94
finish 94: found kmz
start 95
finish 95: found kmz
start 96
finish 96: found kmz
start 97
finish 97: found kmz
start 98
finish 98: found kmz
start 99
finish 99: found kmz
start 100
finish 100: found kmz
start 101
finish 101: found kmz
start 102
finish 102: found kmz
start 103
finish 103: found kmz
start 104
finish 104: found kmz
start 105
finish 105: found kmz
start 106
finish 106: found kmz
start 107
finish 107: found kmz
start 108
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 10 17:00:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
model is deleted from web:  Message: Element is not currently visible and so may not be interacted with
Stacktrace:
    at fxdriver.preconditions.visible (file:///tmp/tmpZOE6aP/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:10092)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.checkPreconditions_ (file:///tmp/tmpZOE6aP/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12644)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpZOE6aP/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpZOE6aP/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpZOE6aP/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 10 17:36:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 10 21:30:02 2016
 4月 10 21:36:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 10 22:24:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: not found kmz
start 8
finish 8: not found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: not found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: not found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
kmz:other socket error:  [Errno 104] Connection reset by peer
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 10 23:30:02 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: not found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: not found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: not found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: not found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: not found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: not found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
finish 70: found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
finish 72: found kmz
start 73
finish 73: found kmz
start 74
finish 74: found kmz
start 75
finish 75: found kmz
start 76
finish 76: found kmz
start 77
finish 77: found kmz
start 78
finish 78: found kmz
start 79
finish 79: found kmz
start 80
finish 80: found kmz
start 81
finish 81: found kmz
start 82
finish 82: not found kmz
start 83
finish 83: found kmz
start 84
finish 84: found kmz
start 85
finish 85: found kmz
start 86
finish 86: found kmz
start 87
finish 87: found kmz
start 88
finish 88: found kmz
start 89
finish 89: found kmz
start 90
finish 90: found kmz
start 91
finish 91: found kmz
start 92
finish 92: found kmz
start 93
finish 93: not found kmz
start 94
finish 94: found kmz
start 95
finish 95: found kmz
start 96
finish 96: found kmz
start 97
finish 97: found kmz
start 98
finish 98: found kmz
start 99
model is deleted from web:  Message: Element is not currently visible and so may not be interacted with
Stacktrace:
    at fxdriver.preconditions.visible (file:///tmp/tmpEr6tB7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:10092)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.checkPreconditions_ (file:///tmp/tmpEr6tB7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12644)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpEr6tB7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpEr6tB7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpEr6tB7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 99
finish 99: found kmz
start 100
finish 100: found kmz
start 101
finish 101: found kmz
start 102
finish 102: found kmz
start 103
finish 103: found kmz
start 104
finish 104: found kmz
start 105
finish 105: found kmz
start 106
finish 106: found kmz
start 107
finish 107: found kmz
start 108
finish 108: found kmz
start 109
finish 109: found kmz
start 110
finish 110: found kmz
start 111
finish 111: found kmz
start 112
finish 112: found kmz
start 113
finish 113: found kmz
start 114
finish 114: found kmz
start 115
finish 115: not found kmz
start 116
finish 116: found kmz
start 117
finish 117: found kmz
start 118
finish 118: found kmz
start 119
finish 119: found kmz
start 120
finish 120: not found kmz
start 121
finish 121: found kmz
start 122
finish 122: found kmz
start 123
finish 123: found kmz
start 124
finish 124: found kmz
start 125
finish 125: found kmz
start 126
finish 126: found kmz
start 127
finish 127: found kmz
start 128
finish 128: found kmz
start 129
finish 129: found kmz
start 130
finish 130: found kmz
start 131
finish 131: found kmz
start 132
finish 132: found kmz
start 133
finish 133: found kmz
start 134
finish 134: found kmz
start 135
finish 135: found kmz
start 136
finish 136: found kmz
start 137
finish 137: found kmz
start 138
finish 138: found kmz
start 139
finish 139: not found kmz
start 140
finish 140: not found kmz
start 141
finish 141: found kmz
start 142
finish 142: found kmz
start 143
finish 143: found kmz
start 144
other exception:  'NoneType' object has no attribute 'strip'
 4月 11 00:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  'NoneType' object has no attribute 'strip'
 4月 11 00:42:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: not found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: not found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: not found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: not found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: found kmz
start 69
finish 69: not found kmz
start 70
finish 70: found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 11 01:42:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: not found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: not found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: not found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: not found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
finish 70: found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
finish 72: found kmz
start 73
finish 73: found kmz
start 74
finish 74: found kmz
start 75
finish 75: found kmz
start 76
finish 76: found kmz
start 77
finish 77: found kmz
start 78
finish 78: found kmz
start 79
finish 79: not found kmz
start 80
finish 80: found kmz
start 81
finish 81: found kmz
start 82
finish 82: found kmz
start 83
finish 83: found kmz
start 84
finish 84: found kmz
start 85
finish 85: found kmz
start 86
finish 86: not found kmz
start 87
finish 87: not found kmz
start 88
finish 88: found kmz
start 89
finish 89: not found kmz
start 90
finish 90: found kmz
start 91
finish 91: found kmz
start 92
finish 92: found kmz
start 93
finish 93: found kmz
start 94
finish 94: found kmz
start 95
finish 95: not found kmz
start 96
finish 96: found kmz
start 97
finish 97: not found kmz
start 98
finish 98: found kmz
start 99
finish 99: found kmz
start 100
finish 100: found kmz
start 101
finish 101: found kmz
start 102
finish 102: found kmz
start 103
finish 103: found kmz
start 104
finish 104: found kmz
start 105
finish 105: found kmz
start 106
finish 106: found kmz
start 107
finish 107: found kmz
start 108
finish 108: found kmz
start 109
finish 109: not found kmz
start 110
finish 110: found kmz
start 111
finish 111: found kmz
start 112
finish 112: found kmz
start 113
finish 113: found kmz
start 114
finish 114: found kmz
start 115
finish 115: not found kmz
start 116
finish 116: found kmz
start 117
finish 117: not found kmz
start 118
finish 118: found kmz
start 119
finish 119: found kmz
start 120
finish 120: found kmz
start 121
finish 121: found kmz
start 122
finish 122: found kmz
start 123
finish 123: found kmz
start 124
finish 124: found kmz
start 125
finish 125: found kmz
start 126
finish 126: found kmz
start 127
finish 127: found kmz
start 128
finish 128: found kmz
start 129
finish 129: found kmz
start 130
finish 130: not found kmz
start 131
finish 131: found kmz
start 132
finish 132: found kmz
start 133
finish 133: not found kmz
start 134
finish 134: found kmz
start 135
finish 135: found kmz
start 136
finish 136: found kmz
start 137
finish 137: found kmz
start 138
finish 138: found kmz
start 139
finish 139: found kmz
start 140
finish 140: found kmz
start 141
finish 141: found kmz
start 142
finish 142: found kmz
start 143
finish 143: found kmz
start 144
finish 144: found kmz
start 145
finish 145: found kmz
start 146
finish 146: found kmz
start 147
finish 147: found kmz
start 148
finish 148: not found kmz
start 149
finish 149: found kmz
start 150
finish 150: found kmz
start 151
finish 151: found kmz
start 152
finish 152: found kmz
start 153
finish 153: found kmz
start 154
finish 154: found kmz
start 155
finish 155: not found kmz
start 156
finish 156: found kmz
start 157
finish 157: found kmz
start 158
finish 158: found kmz
start 159
finish 159: found kmz
start 160
finish 160: found kmz
start 161
finish 161: found kmz
start 162
finish 162: found kmz
start 163
finish 163: found kmz
start 164
finish 164: found kmz
start 165
finish 165: found kmz
start 166
finish 166: found kmz
start 167
finish 167: found kmz
start 168
finish 168: found kmz
start 169
finish 169: not found kmz
start 170
finish 170: found kmz
start 171
finish 171: found kmz
start 172
finish 172: not found kmz
start 173
finish 173: found kmz
start 174
finish 174: found kmz
start 175
finish 175: not found kmz
start 176
finish 176: found kmz
start 177
finish 177: found kmz
start 178
finish 178: found kmz
start 179
finish 179: found kmz
start 180
finish 180: found kmz
start 181
finish 181: not found kmz
start 182
finish 182: found kmz
start 183
finish 183: found kmz
start 184
finish 184: found kmz
start 185
finish 185: found kmz
start 186
finish 186: found kmz
start 187
finish 187: found kmz
start 188
finish 188: found kmz
start 189
finish 189: found kmz
start 190
finish 190: not found kmz
start 191
finish 191: found kmz
start 192
finish 192: found kmz
start 193
finish 193: not found kmz
start 194
finish 194: not found kmz
start 195
finish 195: found kmz
start 196
finish 196: found kmz
start 197
finish 197: found kmz
start 198
finish 198: not found kmz
start 199
finish 199: found kmz
start 200
finish 200: found kmz
start 201
finish 201: found kmz
start 202
finish 202: found kmz
start 203
finish 203: found kmz
start 204
finish 204: found kmz
start 205
finish 205: found kmz
start 206
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 11 03:42:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: not found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 11 03:54:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: not found kmz
start 11
finish 11: not found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
other exception:  timed out
 4月 11 04:06:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: not found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: not found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: not found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 11 04:18:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: not found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
other exception:  'NoneType' object has no attribute 'strip'
 4月 11 04:48:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: not found kmz
start 3
finish 3: not found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: not found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: not found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: not found kmz
start 28
finish 28: not found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: not found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: not found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: not found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
finish 70: found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
finish 72: found kmz
start 73
finish 73: not found kmz
start 74
finish 74: found kmz
start 75
finish 75: found kmz
start 76
finish 76: found kmz
start 77
finish 77: found kmz
start 78
finish 78: found kmz
start 79
finish 79: found kmz
start 80
finish 80: found kmz
start 81
finish 81: found kmz
start 82
finish 82: found kmz
start 83
finish 83: found kmz
start 84
finish 84: found kmz
start 85
finish 85: found kmz
start 86
finish 86: found kmz
start 87
finish 87: found kmz
start 88
finish 88: found kmz
start 89
finish 89: found kmz
start 90
finish 90: found kmz
start 91
finish 91: found kmz
start 92
finish 92: found kmz
start 93
finish 93: found kmz
start 94
finish 94: not found kmz
start 95
finish 95: found kmz
start 96
finish 96: found kmz
start 97
finish 97: found kmz
start 98
finish 98: found kmz
start 99
finish 99: found kmz
start 100
finish 100: found kmz
start 101
finish 101: found kmz
start 102
finish 102: found kmz
start 103
finish 103: found kmz
start 104
finish 104: not found kmz
start 105
finish 105: found kmz
start 106
finish 106: found kmz
start 107
finish 107: found kmz
start 108
finish 108: found kmz
start 109
finish 109: not found kmz
start 110
finish 110: found kmz
start 111
finish 111: found kmz
start 112
finish 112: found kmz
start 113
finish 113: not found kmz
start 114
finish 114: found kmz
start 115
finish 115: found kmz
start 116
finish 116: found kmz
start 117
finish 117: found kmz
start 118
finish 118: found kmz
start 119
finish 119: found kmz
start 120
finish 120: found kmz
start 121
finish 121: not found kmz
start 122
finish 122: found kmz
start 123
finish 123: not found kmz
start 124
finish 124: found kmz
start 125
finish 125: found kmz
start 126
finish 126: found kmz
start 127
finish 127: found kmz
start 128
finish 128: found kmz
start 129
finish 129: found kmz
start 130
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 11 05:36:02 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: not found kmz
start 7
other exception:  'NoneType' object has no attribute 'strip'
 4月 11 05:42:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  'NoneType' object has no attribute 'strip'
 4月 11 05:48:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: not found kmz
start 10
finish 10: not found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: not found kmz
start 59
finish 59: not found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: not found kmz
start 68
finish 68: found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
finish 70: found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
finish 72: found kmz
start 73
finish 73: found kmz
start 74
finish 74: not found kmz
start 75
finish 75: found kmz
start 76
finish 76: found kmz
start 77
finish 77: found kmz
start 78
finish 78: found kmz
start 79
finish 79: found kmz
start 80
finish 80: found kmz
start 81
finish 81: found kmz
start 82
finish 82: found kmz
start 83
finish 83: found kmz
start 84
finish 84: found kmz
start 85
finish 85: found kmz
start 86
finish 86: found kmz
start 87
finish 87: found kmz
start 88
finish 88: found kmz
start 89
finish 89: found kmz
start 90
finish 90: found kmz
start 91
finish 91: found kmz
start 92
finish 92: found kmz
start 93
finish 93: found kmz
start 94
finish 94: found kmz
start 95
finish 95: not found kmz
start 96
finish 96: found kmz
start 97
finish 97: found kmz
start 98
finish 98: found kmz
start 99
finish 99: not found kmz
start 100
finish 100: found kmz
start 101
finish 101: found kmz
start 102
finish 102: found kmz
start 103
finish 103: found kmz
start 104
finish 104: not found kmz
start 105
finish 105: found kmz
start 106
finish 106: found kmz
start 107
finish 107: found kmz
start 108
finish 108: not found kmz
start 109
finish 109: found kmz
start 110
finish 110: found kmz
start 111
finish 111: found kmz
start 112
finish 112: found kmz
start 113
finish 113: found kmz
start 114
finish 114: found kmz
start 115
finish 115: found kmz
start 116
finish 116: found kmz
start 117
finish 117: found kmz
start 118
finish 118: found kmz
start 119
finish 119: found kmz
start 120
finish 120: found kmz
start 121
finish 121: found kmz
start 122
finish 122: found kmz
start 123
finish 123: found kmz
start 124
finish 124: found kmz
start 125
finish 125: found kmz
start 126
finish 126: found kmz
start 127
finish 127: found kmz
start 128
finish 128: not found kmz
start 129
collada:other socket error:  [Errno 104] Connection reset by peer
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 11 06:36:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: not found kmz
start 23
finish 23: not found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: not found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: not found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: not found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: not found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
finish 70: found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
finish 72: found kmz
start 73
finish 73: found kmz
start 74
finish 74: found kmz
start 75
finish 75: found kmz
start 76
finish 76: found kmz
start 77
finish 77: found kmz
start 78
finish 78: found kmz
start 79
finish 79: not found kmz
start 80
finish 80: found kmz
start 81
finish 81: found kmz
start 82
finish 82: found kmz
start 83
finish 83: found kmz
start 84
finish 84: found kmz
start 85
finish 85: found kmz
start 86
finish 86: found kmz
start 87
finish 87: found kmz
start 88
finish 88: found kmz
start 89
finish 89: found kmz
start 90
finish 90: found kmz
start 91
finish 91: found kmz
start 92
finish 92: found kmz
start 93
finish 93: found kmz
start 94
finish 94: found kmz
start 95
finish 95: found kmz
start 96
finish 96: found kmz
start 97
finish 97: found kmz
start 98
finish 98: found kmz
start 99
finish 99: not found kmz
start 100
finish 100: found kmz
start 101
finish 101: found kmz
start 102
finish 102: found kmz
start 103
finish 103: found kmz
start 104
finish 104: found kmz
start 105
finish 105: found kmz
start 106
finish 106: not found kmz
start 107
finish 107: not found kmz
start 108
finish 108: found kmz
start 109
finish 109: found kmz
start 110
finish 110: found kmz
start 111
finish 111: found kmz
start 112
finish 112: found kmz
start 113
finish 113: found kmz
start 114
finish 114: found kmz
start 115
finish 115: found kmz
start 116
finish 116: found kmz
start 117
finish 117: found kmz
start 118
finish 118: found kmz
start 119
finish 119: found kmz
start 120
finish 120: found kmz
start 121
finish 121: found kmz
start 122
finish 122: found kmz
start 123
finish 123: not found kmz
start 124
finish 124: found kmz
start 125
finish 125: found kmz
start 126
finish 126: found kmz
start 127
finish 127: found kmz
start 128
finish 128: found kmz
start 129
finish 129: found kmz
start 130
finish 130: found kmz
start 131
finish 131: found kmz
start 132
finish 132: found kmz
start 133
finish 133: found kmz
start 134
finish 134: found kmz
start 135
finish 135: found kmz
start 136
finish 136: found kmz
start 137
finish 137: found kmz
start 138
finish 138: found kmz
start 139
finish 139: found kmz
start 140
finish 140: found kmz
start 141
finish 141: found kmz
start 142
finish 142: found kmz
start 143
finish 143: not found kmz
start 144
finish 144: found kmz
start 145
finish 145: not found kmz
start 146
finish 146: not found kmz
start 147
finish 147: found kmz
start 148
finish 148: found kmz
start 149
finish 149: found kmz
start 150
finish 150: found kmz
start 151
finish 151: not found kmz
start 152
finish 152: found kmz
start 153
finish 153: found kmz
start 154
finish 154: found kmz
start 155
finish 155: found kmz
start 156
finish 156: found kmz
start 157
finish 157: found kmz
start 158
finish 158: found kmz
start 159
finish 159: found kmz
start 160
finish 160: not found kmz
start 161
finish 161: found kmz
start 162
finish 162: found kmz
start 163
finish 163: found kmz
start 164
finish 164: found kmz
start 165
finish 165: found kmz
start 166
finish 166: found kmz
start 167
finish 167: found kmz
start 168
finish 168: found kmz
start 169
finish 169: not found kmz
start 170
finish 170: found kmz
start 171
finish 171: found kmz
start 172
finish 172: found kmz
start 173
finish 173: found kmz
start 174
finish 174: not found kmz
start 175
finish 175: found kmz
start 176
finish 176: found kmz
start 177
finish 177: found kmz
start 178
finish 178: found kmz
start 179
finish 179: found kmz
start 180
finish 180: not found kmz
start 181
finish 181: found kmz
start 182
finish 182: found kmz
start 183
finish 183: found kmz
start 184
finish 184: found kmz
start 185
finish 185: found kmz
start 186
finish 186: found kmz
start 187
finish 187: not found kmz
start 188
finish 188: found kmz
start 189
finish 189: found kmz
start 190
finish 190: found kmz
start 191
finish 191: found kmz
start 192
finish 192: not found kmz
start 193
finish 193: found kmz
start 194
finish 194: found kmz
start 195
finish 195: found kmz
start 196
finish 196: found kmz
start 197
finish 197: found kmz
start 198
finish 198: found kmz
start 199
finish 199: found kmz
start 200
finish 200: found kmz
start 201
finish 201: found kmz
start 202
finish 202: found kmz
start 203
finish 203: found kmz
start 204
finish 204: found kmz
start 205
finish 205: found kmz
start 206
finish 206: found kmz
start 207
finish 207: found kmz
start 208
finish 208: found kmz
start 209
finish 209: found kmz
start 210
finish 210: found kmz
start 211
finish 211: found kmz
start 212
finish 212: found kmz
start 213
finish 213: found kmz
start 214
finish 214: found kmz
start 215
finish 215: found kmz
start 216
finish 216: found kmz
start 217
finish 217: found kmz
start 218
finish 218: found kmz
start 219
finish 219: found kmz
start 220
finish 220: not found kmz
start 221
finish 221: found kmz
start 222
finish 222: found kmz
start 223
finish 223: found kmz
start 224
finish 224: found kmz
start 225
finish 225: found kmz
start 226
finish 226: not found kmz
start 227
finish 227: found kmz
start 228
finish 228: found kmz
start 229
finish 229: not found kmz
start 230
finish 230: found kmz
start 231
finish 231: found kmz
start 232
finish 232: not found kmz
start 233
finish 233: found kmz
start 234
finish 234: found kmz
start 235
finish 235: found kmz
start 236
finish 236: found kmz
start 237
finish 237: found kmz
start 238
finish 238: found kmz
start 239
finish 239: found kmz
start 240
finish 240: found kmz
start 241
finish 241: not found kmz
start 242
finish 242: found kmz
start 243
finish 243: found kmz
start 244
finish 244: found kmz
start 245
finish 245: found kmz
start 246
finish 246: found kmz
start 247
finish 247: found kmz
start 248
finish 248: found kmz
start 249
finish 249: not found kmz
start 250
finish 250: found kmz
start 251
finish 251: found kmz
start 252
finish 252: found kmz
start 253
finish 253: not found kmz
start 254
finish 254: found kmz
start 255
finish 255: found kmz
start 256
finish 256: found kmz
start 257
finish 257: found kmz
start 258
finish 258: found kmz
start 259
finish 259: found kmz
start 260
finish 260: found kmz
start 261
finish 261: not found kmz
start 262
finish 262: found kmz
start 263
finish 263: found kmz
start 264
finish 264: found kmz
start 265
finish 265: found kmz
start 266
finish 266: found kmz
start 267
finish 267: not found kmz
start 268
finish 268: found kmz
start 269
finish 269: found kmz
start 270
finish 270: found kmz
start 271
finish 271: found kmz
start 272
finish 272: found kmz
start 273
finish 273: found kmz
start 274
finish 274: found kmz
start 275
finish 275: found kmz
start 276
finish 276: found kmz
start 277
finish 277: found kmz
start 278
finish 278: found kmz
start 279
finish 279: found kmz
start 280
finish 280: found kmz
start 281
finish 281: not found kmz
start 282
finish 282: found kmz
start 283
finish 283: found kmz
start 284
finish 284: found kmz
start 285
finish 285: found kmz
start 286
finish 286: found kmz
start 287
finish 287: found kmz
start 288
finish 288: found kmz
start 289
finish 289: found kmz
start 290
finish 290: found kmz
start 291
finish 291: found kmz
start 292
finish 292: not found kmz
start 293
finish 293: found kmz
start 294
finish 294: not found kmz
start 295
finish 295: found kmz
start 296
finish 296: found kmz
start 297
finish 297: found kmz
start 298
finish 298: found kmz
start 299
finish 299: found kmz
start 300
finish 300: found kmz
start 301
finish 301: found kmz
start 302
finish 302: found kmz
start 303
finish 303: found kmz
start 304
finish 304: found kmz
start 305
finish 305: found kmz
start 306
finish 306: found kmz
start 307
finish 307: found kmz
start 308
finish 308: found kmz
start 309
finish 309: found kmz
start 310
finish 310: not found kmz
start 311
finish 311: found kmz
start 312
finish 312: found kmz
start 313
finish 313: found kmz
start 314
finish 314: found kmz
start 315
finish 315: found kmz
start 316
finish 316: found kmz
start 317
finish 317: found kmz
start 318
finish 318: found kmz
start 319
finish 319: found kmz
start 320
finish 320: found kmz
start 321
finish 321: not found kmz
start 322
finish 322: not found kmz
start 323
finish 323: found kmz
start 324
finish 324: found kmz
start 325
finish 325: found kmz
start 326
finish 326: found kmz
start 327
finish 327: found kmz
start 328
finish 328: found kmz
start 329
finish 329: found kmz
start 330
finish 330: found kmz
start 331
finish 331: found kmz
start 332
finish 332: found kmz
start 333
finish 333: found kmz
start 334
finish 334: found kmz
start 335
finish 335: found kmz
start 336
finish 336: found kmz
start 337
finish 337: found kmz
start 338
finish 338: found kmz
start 339
finish 339: found kmz
start 340
finish 340: found kmz
start 341
finish 341: found kmz
start 342
finish 342: found kmz
start 343
finish 343: found kmz
start 344
finish 344: not found kmz
start 345
finish 345: found kmz
start 346
finish 346: found kmz
start 347
finish 347: found kmz
start 348
finish 348: found kmz
start 349
finish 349: found kmz
start 350
finish 350: found kmz
start 351
finish 351: found kmz
start 352
finish 352: found kmz
start 353
finish 353: found kmz
start 354
finish 354: found kmz
start 355
finish 355: found kmz
start 356
finish 356: found kmz
start 357
finish 357: found kmz
start 358
finish 358: found kmz
start 359
finish 359: found kmz
start 360
finish 360: found kmz
start 361
finish 361: found kmz
start 362
finish 362: found kmz
start 363
finish 363: found kmz
start 364
finish 364: found kmz
start 365
finish 365: found kmz
start 366
finish 366: found kmz
start 367
finish 367: not found kmz
start 368
finish 368: found kmz
start 369
finish 369: found kmz
start 370
finish 370: found kmz
start 371
finish 371: found kmz
start 372
finish 372: found kmz
start 373
finish 373: found kmz
start 374
finish 374: found kmz
start 375
finish 375: found kmz
start 376
finish 376: found kmz
start 377
finish 377: found kmz
start 378
finish 378: found kmz
start 379
finish 379: found kmz
start 380
finish 380: found kmz
start 381
finish 381: found kmz
start 382
finish 382: found kmz
start 383
finish 383: found kmz
start 384
finish 384: found kmz
start 385
finish 385: found kmz
start 386
finish 386: found kmz
start 387
finish 387: found kmz
start 388
finish 388: found kmz
start 389
finish 389: found kmz
start 390
finish 390: found kmz
start 391
finish 391: found kmz
start 392
finish 392: found kmz
start 393
finish 393: found kmz
start 394
finish 394: found kmz
start 395
finish 395: found kmz
start 396
finish 396: found kmz
start 397
finish 397: found kmz
start 398
finish 398: found kmz
start 399
finish 399: found kmz
start 400
finish 400: found kmz
start 401
finish 401: found kmz
start 402
finish 402: found kmz
start 403
finish 403: found kmz
start 404
finish 404: found kmz
start 405
finish 405: found kmz
start 406
finish 406: found kmz
start 407
finish 407: found kmz
start 408
finish 408: found kmz
start 409
finish 409: found kmz
start 410
finish 410: found kmz
start 411
finish 411: found kmz
start 412
finish 412: found kmz
start 413
finish 413: not found kmz
start 414
finish 414: found kmz
start 415
finish 415: found kmz
start 416
finish 416: found kmz
start 417
finish 417: found kmz
start 418
finish 418: found kmz
start 419
finish 419: not found kmz
start 420
finish 420: found kmz
start 421
finish 421: found kmz
start 422
finish 422: found kmz
start 423
finish 423: found kmz
start 424
finish 424: found kmz
start 425
finish 425: not found kmz
start 426
finish 426: found kmz
start 427
finish 427: found kmz
start 428
finish 428: found kmz
start 429
finish 429: not found kmz
start 430
finish 430: found kmz
start 431
finish 431: found kmz
start 432
finish 432: found kmz
start 433
finish 433: found kmz
start 434
finish 434: found kmz
start 435
finish 435: found kmz
start 436
finish 436: found kmz
start 437
finish 437: found kmz
start 438
finish 438: found kmz
start 439
finish 439: found kmz
start 440
finish 440: found kmz
start 441
finish 441: found kmz
start 442
finish 442: found kmz
start 443
finish 443: found kmz
start 444
finish 444: found kmz
start 445
finish 445: found kmz
start 446
finish 446: not found kmz
start 447
finish 447: found kmz
start 448
finish 448: found kmz
start 449
finish 449: found kmz
start 450
finish 450: found kmz
start 451
finish 451: found kmz
start 452
finish 452: found kmz
start 453
finish 453: not found kmz
start 454
finish 454: found kmz
start 455
finish 455: found kmz
start 456
finish 456: found kmz
start 457
finish 457: not found kmz
start 458
finish 458: found kmz
start 459
finish 459: found kmz
start 460
finish 460: found kmz
start 461
finish 461: not found kmz
start 462
finish 462: found kmz
start 463
finish 463: found kmz
start 464
finish 464: not found kmz
start 465
finish 465: found kmz
start 466
finish 466: found kmz
start 467
finish 467: found kmz
start 468
finish 468: found kmz
start 469
finish 469: found kmz
start 470
finish 470: found kmz
start 471
finish 471: found kmz
start 472
finish 472: found kmz
start 473
finish 473: found kmz
start 474
finish 474: found kmz
start 475
finish 475: found kmz
start 476
finish 476: found kmz
start 477
finish 477: found kmz
start 478
finish 478: found kmz
start 479
finish 479: found kmz
start 480
finish 480: found kmz
start 481
finish 481: found kmz
start 482
finish 482: found kmz
start 483
finish 483: found kmz
start 484
finish 484: found kmz
start 485
finish 485: found kmz
start 486
finish 486: found kmz
start 487
finish 487: not found kmz
start 488
finish 488: found kmz
start 489
finish 489: found kmz
start 490
finish 490: found kmz
start 491
finish 491: found kmz
start 492
finish 492: found kmz
start 493
finish 493: found kmz
start 494
finish 494: found kmz
start 495
finish 495: found kmz
start 496
finish 496: not found kmz
start 497
finish 497: found kmz
start 498
finish 498: found kmz
start 499
finish 499: found kmz
start 500
finish 500: found kmz
start 501
finish 501: found kmz
start 502
finish 502: found kmz
start 503
finish 503: found kmz
start 504
finish 504: found kmz
start 505
finish 505: found kmz
start 506
finish 506: found kmz
start 507
finish 507: found kmz
start 508
finish 508: found kmz
start 509
finish 509: found kmz
start 510
finish 510: found kmz
start 511
finish 511: found kmz
start 512
finish 512: found kmz
start 513
finish 513: found kmz
start 514
finish 514: found kmz
start 515
finish 515: found kmz
start 516
finish 516: found kmz
start 517
finish 517: found kmz
start 518
finish 518: found kmz
start 519
finish 519: found kmz
start 520
finish 520: found kmz
start 521
finish 521: found kmz
start 522
finish 522: found kmz
start 523
finish 523: found kmz
start 524
finish 524: found kmz
start 525
finish 525: found kmz
start 526
finish 526: found kmz
start 527
finish 527: found kmz
start 528
finish 528: found kmz
start 529
finish 529: not found kmz
start 530
finish 530: found kmz
start 531
finish 531: found kmz
start 532
finish 532: not found kmz
start 533
finish 533: found kmz
start 534
finish 534: found kmz
start 535
finish 535: found kmz
start 536
finish 536: not found kmz
start 537
finish 537: found kmz
start 538
finish 538: found kmz
start 539
finish 539: found kmz
start 540
finish 540: found kmz
start 541
finish 541: found kmz
start 542
finish 542: not found kmz
start 543
finish 543: found kmz
start 544
finish 544: found kmz
start 545
finish 545: found kmz
start 546
finish 546: found kmz
start 547
finish 547: found kmz
start 548
finish 548: found kmz
start 549
finish 549: found kmz
start 550
finish 550: found kmz
start 551
finish 551: found kmz
start 552
finish 552: not found kmz
start 553
finish 553: found kmz
start 554
finish 554: not found kmz
start 555
finish 555: found kmz
start 556
finish 556: found kmz
start 557
finish 557: found kmz
start 558
finish 558: found kmz
start 559
finish 559: found kmz
start 560
finish 560: found kmz
start 561
finish 561: found kmz
start 562
finish 562: found kmz
start 563
finish 563: found kmz
start 564
finish 564: found kmz
start 565
finish 565: found kmz
start 566
finish 566: found kmz
start 567
finish 567: found kmz
start 568
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 11 09:54:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: not found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
other exception:  ('http protocol error', 0, 'got a bad status line', None)
 4月 11 10:06:00 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: not found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: not found kmz
start 17
finish 17: not found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
other exception:  'NoneType' object has no attribute 'strip'
 4月 11 10:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  'NoneType' object has no attribute 'strip'
 4月 11 10:24:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: not found kmz
start 31
finish 31: not found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: not found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 11 10:54:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: not found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
other exception:  timed out
 4月 11 11:06:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: not found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 11 11:18:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
other exception:  ('http protocol error', 0, 'got a bad status line', None)
 4月 11 11:24:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: not found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: not found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 11 11:36:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 11 11:48:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: not found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
other exception:  ('http protocol error', 0, 'got a bad status line', None)
 4月 11 11:54:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: not found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
other exception:  timed out
 4月 11 12:12:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: not found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: not found kmz
start 13
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
 4月 11 12:24:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  [Errno socket error] _ssl.c:495: The handshake operation timed out
 4月 11 12:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp9qqDBG/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmp9qqDBG/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmp9qqDBG/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp9qqDBG/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmp9qqDBG/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 11 12:36:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: not found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: not found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: not found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: not found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: not found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
finish 70: found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
finish 72: found kmz
start 73
finish 73: found kmz
start 74
finish 74: not found kmz
start 75
finish 75: found kmz
start 76
finish 76: found kmz
start 77
finish 77: not found kmz
start 78
finish 78: found kmz
start 79
finish 79: found kmz
start 80
finish 80: found kmz
start 81
finish 81: found kmz
start 82
finish 82: found kmz
start 83
finish 83: found kmz
start 84
finish 84: not found kmz
start 85
finish 85: found kmz
start 86
finish 86: found kmz
start 87
finish 87: found kmz
start 88
finish 88: found kmz
start 89
finish 89: found kmz
start 90
finish 90: not found kmz
start 91
finish 91: found kmz
start 92
finish 92: not found kmz
start 93
finish 93: found kmz
start 94
finish 94: found kmz
start 95
finish 95: found kmz
start 96
finish 96: found kmz
start 97
finish 97: found kmz
start 98
finish 98: found kmz
start 99
finish 99: found kmz
start 100
finish 100: found kmz
start 101
finish 101: found kmz
start 102
finish 102: found kmz
start 103
finish 103: found kmz
start 104
finish 104: found kmz
start 105
finish 105: found kmz
start 106
finish 106: found kmz
start 107
finish 107: found kmz
start 108
finish 108: found kmz
start 109
finish 109: found kmz
start 110
finish 110: found kmz
start 111
finish 111: not found kmz
start 112
finish 112: found kmz
start 113
finish 113: found kmz
start 114
finish 114: found kmz
start 115
finish 115: found kmz
start 116
finish 116: found kmz
start 117
finish 117: found kmz
start 118
finish 118: not found kmz
start 119
finish 119: found kmz
start 120
finish 120: found kmz
start 121
finish 121: found kmz
start 122
finish 122: found kmz
start 123
finish 123: found kmz
start 124
finish 124: not found kmz
start 125
finish 125: found kmz
start 126
finish 126: found kmz
start 127
finish 127: found kmz
start 128
finish 128: found kmz
start 129
finish 129: found kmz
start 130
finish 130: found kmz
start 131
finish 131: found kmz
start 132
finish 132: found kmz
start 133
finish 133: found kmz
start 134
finish 134: found kmz
start 135
finish 135: found kmz
start 136
finish 136: not found kmz
start 137
finish 137: found kmz
start 138
finish 138: found kmz
start 139
finish 139: found kmz
start 140
finish 140: found kmz
start 141
finish 141: found kmz
start 142
finish 142: found kmz
start 143
finish 143: found kmz
start 144
finish 144: found kmz
start 145
finish 145: found kmz
start 146
finish 146: found kmz
start 147
finish 147: found kmz
start 148
finish 148: found kmz
start 149
finish 149: found kmz
start 150
finish 150: found kmz
start 151
finish 151: found kmz
start 152
finish 152: found kmz
start 153
finish 153: found kmz
start 154
finish 154: found kmz
start 155
finish 155: found kmz
start 156
finish 156: found kmz
start 157
finish 157: found kmz
start 158
finish 158: found kmz
start 159
finish 159: found kmz
start 160
finish 160: found kmz
start 161
finish 161: found kmz
start 162
finish 162: found kmz
start 163
finish 163: found kmz
start 164
finish 164: found kmz
start 165
finish 165: found kmz
start 166
finish 166: found kmz
start 167
finish 167: found kmz
start 168
finish 168: found kmz
start 169
finish 169: found kmz
start 170
finish 170: found kmz
start 171
finish 171: found kmz
start 172
finish 172: found kmz
start 173
finish 173: found kmz
start 174
finish 174: found kmz
start 175
finish 175: found kmz
start 176
finish 176: found kmz
start 177
finish 177: found kmz
start 178
finish 178: found kmz
start 179
finish 179: found kmz
start 180
finish 180: found kmz
start 181
finish 181: found kmz
start 182
finish 182: found kmz
start 183
finish 183: found kmz
start 184
finish 184: found kmz
start 185
finish 185: found kmz
start 186
finish 186: found kmz
start 187
finish 187: found kmz
start 188
finish 188: found kmz
start 189
finish 189: found kmz
start 190
finish 190: found kmz
start 191
finish 191: found kmz
start 192
finish 192: found kmz
start 193
finish 193: found kmz
start 194
finish 194: found kmz
start 195
finish 195: found kmz
start 196
finish 196: found kmz
start 197
finish 197: found kmz
start 198
finish 198: found kmz
start 199
finish 199: found kmz
start 200
finish 200: found kmz
start 201
finish 201: found kmz
start 202
finish 202: found kmz
start 203
finish 203: found kmz
start 204
finish 204: found kmz
start 205
finish 205: found kmz
start 206
finish 206: found kmz
start 207
finish 207: found kmz
start 208
finish 208: found kmz
start 209
finish 209: found kmz
start 210
finish 210: not found kmz
start 211
finish 211: found kmz
start 212
finish 212: found kmz
start 213
finish 213: found kmz
start 214
finish 214: found kmz
start 215
finish 215: found kmz
start 216
finish 216: found kmz
start 217
finish 217: found kmz
start 218
finish 218: found kmz
start 219
finish 219: found kmz
start 220
finish 220: found kmz
start 221
finish 221: not found kmz
start 222
finish 222: found kmz
start 223
finish 223: found kmz
start 224
finish 224: found kmz
start 225
finish 225: found kmz
start 226
finish 226: found kmz
start 227
finish 227: found kmz
start 228
finish 228: found kmz
start 229
finish 229: found kmz
start 230
finish 230: found kmz
start 231
finish 231: found kmz
start 232
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 11 14:06:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: not found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: not found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: not found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: not found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: not found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: not found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: not found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: not found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
finish 70: found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
finish 72: found kmz
start 73
finish 73: found kmz
start 74
other exception:  ('http protocol error', 0, 'got a bad status line', None)
 4月 11 14:36:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: not found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: not found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 11 14:54:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpHpbYUV/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpHpbYUV/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpHpbYUV/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpHpbYUV/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpHpbYUV/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 11 15:06:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: not found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: not found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: not found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: not found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: not found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
finish 70: found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
finish 72: found kmz
start 73
finish 73: found kmz
start 74
finish 74: found kmz
start 75
finish 75: found kmz
start 76
finish 76: found kmz
start 77
finish 77: not found kmz
start 78
finish 78: found kmz
start 79
finish 79: found kmz
start 80
finish 80: found kmz
start 81
finish 81: found kmz
start 82
finish 82: found kmz
start 83
finish 83: found kmz
start 84
finish 84: found kmz
start 85
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 11 16:18:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 11 16:30:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: not found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
finish 70: found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
finish 72: found kmz
start 73
finish 73: found kmz
start 74
finish 74: found kmz
start 75
finish 75: not found kmz
start 76
finish 76: found kmz
start 77
finish 77: found kmz
start 78
finish 78: found kmz
start 79
finish 79: found kmz
start 80
finish 80: found kmz
start 81
finish 81: found kmz
start 82
finish 82: found kmz
start 83
finish 83: found kmz
start 84
finish 84: found kmz
start 85
finish 85: found kmz
start 86
finish 86: found kmz
start 87
finish 87: found kmz
start 88
finish 88: found kmz
start 89
finish 89: found kmz
start 90
finish 90: found kmz
start 91
finish 91: found kmz
start 92
finish 92: found kmz
start 93
finish 93: found kmz
start 94
finish 94: found kmz
start 95
finish 95: found kmz
start 96
finish 96: found kmz
start 97
finish 97: found kmz
start 98
finish 98: found kmz
start 99
finish 99: found kmz
start 100
finish 100: found kmz
start 101
finish 101: found kmz
start 102
finish 102: not found kmz
start 103
finish 103: not found kmz
start 104
finish 104: found kmz
start 105
finish 105: found kmz
start 106
finish 106: found kmz
start 107
finish 107: found kmz
start 108
finish 108: found kmz
start 109
other exception:  timed out
 4月 11 17:30:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
other exception:  timed out
 4月 11 17:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno -2] Name or service not known
 4月 11 18:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 11 21:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpeK36iW/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpeK36iW/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpeK36iW/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpeK36iW/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpeK36iW/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 11 21:24:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: not found kmz
start 10
finish 10: not found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: not found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 11 22:06:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 11 22:24:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmporFOt3/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmporFOt3/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmporFOt3/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmporFOt3/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmporFOt3/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 11 22:30:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: not found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpA1NteH/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpA1NteH/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpA1NteH/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpA1NteH/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpA1NteH/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 11 22:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月 11 22:42:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 11 22:54:01 2016
start 1
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 11 23:06:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月 11 23:12:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: not found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: not found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
other exception:  [Errno socket error] _ssl.c:495: The handshake operation timed out
 4月 11 23:48:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月 11 23:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月 12 00:00:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: not found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 12 00:24:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpO2yScP/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpO2yScP/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpO2yScP/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpO2yScP/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpO2yScP/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 12 00:42:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 12 00:54:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 12 01:00:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 12 01:12:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 12 01:30:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: not found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: not found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpAsMBS7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpAsMBS7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpAsMBS7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpAsMBS7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpAsMBS7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 12 02:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月 12 02:24:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: not found kmz
start 9
finish 9: not found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: not found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 12 02:42:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: not found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: not found kmz
start 13
finish 13: not found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: not found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: not found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 12 03:06:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月 12 03:12:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: not found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
other exception:  [Errno socket error] _ssl.c:495: The handshake operation timed out
 4月 12 03:24:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  ('http protocol error', 0, 'got a bad status line', None)
 4月 12 03:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  ('http protocol error', 0, 'got a bad status line', None)
 4月 12 03:36:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: not found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
other exception:  timed out
 4月 12 03:48:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: not found kmz
start 3
kmz:other socket error:  [Errno 104] Connection reset by peer
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 12 04:12:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月 12 04:18:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 12 04:30:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
 4月 12 04:36:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 12 04:54:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
 4月 12 05:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp2cRzmg/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmp2cRzmg/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmp2cRzmg/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp2cRzmg/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmp2cRzmg/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 12 05:06:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp3xUAXc/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmp3xUAXc/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmp3xUAXc/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp3xUAXc/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmp3xUAXc/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 12 05:12:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
other exception:  timed out
 4月 12 05:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月 12 05:24:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月 12 05:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  'NoneType' object has no attribute 'strip'
 4月 12 05:42:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
 4月 12 05:54:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: not found kmz
start 3
other exception:  timed out
 4月 12 06:00:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 12 06:12:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
other exception:  [Errno socket error] The read operation timed out
 4月 12 06:24:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: not found kmz
start 3
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 12 06:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月 12 06:42:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: not found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 12 07:00:01 2016
start 1
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 12 07:12:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月 12 07:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月 12 07:24:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 12 07:42:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月 12 07:48:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月 12 07:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月 12 08:00:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: not found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
other exception:  timed out
 4月 12 08:12:02 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 12 08:24:01 2016
start 1
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 12 08:30:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
kmz:other socket error:  [Errno 104] Connection reset by peer
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 12 08:42:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 12 08:48:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 12 09:06:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 12 09:12:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月 12 09:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月 12 09:24:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 12 09:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月 12 09:42:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月 12 09:48:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月 12 09:54:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: not found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
other exception:  The read operation timed out
 4月 12 10:36:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
other exception:  timed out
 4月 12 10:54:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: not found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: not found kmz
start 4
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 12 11:06:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月 12 11:12:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月 12 11:18:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
 4月 12 11:24:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 12 11:30:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: not found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: not found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpX_96lO/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpX_96lO/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpX_96lO/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpX_96lO/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpX_96lO/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 12 11:54:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
 4月 12 12:00:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
other exception:  [Errno socket error] The read operation timed out
 4月 12 12:12:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: not found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: not found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: not found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: not found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: not found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: not found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
finish 70: not found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
finish 72: found kmz
start 73
finish 73: found kmz
start 74
finish 74: found kmz
start 75
finish 75: found kmz
start 76
finish 76: found kmz
start 77
finish 77: not found kmz
start 78
finish 78: found kmz
start 79
finish 79: found kmz
start 80
finish 80: found kmz
start 81
finish 81: found kmz
start 82
other exception:  [Errno socket error] _ssl.c:495: The handshake operation timed out
 4月 12 14:00:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpyHOw2J/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpyHOw2J/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpyHOw2J/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpyHOw2J/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpyHOw2J/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 12 14:12:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
 4月 12 14:18:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: not found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpbNo3Ba/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpbNo3Ba/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpbNo3Ba/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpbNo3Ba/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpbNo3Ba/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 12 14:42:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: not found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 12 15:06:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
other exception:  timed out
 4月 12 15:18:02 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: not found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: not found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: not found kmz
start 17
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
 4月 12 15:36:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: not found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: not found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
 4月 12 15:54:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: not found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: not found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: not found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: not found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
other exception:  timed out
 4月 12 16:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月 12 16:42:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpfXTWfW/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpfXTWfW/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpfXTWfW/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpfXTWfW/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpfXTWfW/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 12 16:48:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: not found kmz
start 5
other exception:  'NoneType' object has no attribute 'strip'
 4月 12 17:00:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: not found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: not found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: not found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: not found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: not found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: not found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
other exception:  UNIQUE constraint failed: building.id
 4月 12 18:06:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: not found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: not found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpFAv1XD/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpFAv1XD/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpFAv1XD/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpFAv1XD/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpFAv1XD/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 12 19:24:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: not found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 12 19:42:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: not found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: not found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: not found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: not found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
other exception:  'NoneType' object has no attribute 'strip'
 4月 12 20:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpU8BJnY/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpU8BJnY/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpU8BJnY/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpU8BJnY/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpU8BJnY/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 12 20:24:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
 4月 12 20:36:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 12 20:54:01 2016
start 1
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 12 21:06:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
 4月 12 21:18:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 12 21:24:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: not found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 12 21:54:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 12 22:24:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
collada:other socket error:  [Errno 104] Connection reset by peer
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 12 23:06:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
kmz:other socket error:  [Errno 104] Connection reset by peer
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 12 23:18:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: not found kmz
start 6
finish 6: not found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: not found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: not found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: not found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: not found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: not found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: not found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: not found kmz
start 56
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpBRMzPn/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpBRMzPn/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpBRMzPn/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpBRMzPn/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpBRMzPn/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 00:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpGWYiVg/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpGWYiVg/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpGWYiVg/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpGWYiVg/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpGWYiVg/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 00:06:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpr31jnF/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpr31jnF/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpr31jnF/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpr31jnF/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpr31jnF/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 00:12:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpiYi8SK/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpiYi8SK/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpiYi8SK/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpiYi8SK/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpiYi8SK/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 00:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp0JcV8j/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmp0JcV8j/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmp0JcV8j/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp0JcV8j/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmp0JcV8j/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 00:24:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp9ZggDm/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmp9ZggDm/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmp9ZggDm/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp9ZggDm/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmp9ZggDm/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 00:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpinfzOM/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpinfzOM/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpinfzOM/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpinfzOM/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpinfzOM/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 00:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpJFvMM3/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpJFvMM3/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpJFvMM3/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpJFvMM3/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpJFvMM3/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 00:42:02 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpTGzMiH/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpTGzMiH/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpTGzMiH/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpTGzMiH/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpTGzMiH/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 00:48:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpP6SuF3/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpP6SuF3/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpP6SuF3/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpP6SuF3/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpP6SuF3/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 00:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpWfNaht/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpWfNaht/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpWfNaht/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpWfNaht/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpWfNaht/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 01:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpF7Kj0O/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpF7Kj0O/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpF7Kj0O/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpF7Kj0O/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpF7Kj0O/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 01:06:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpu7sKIw/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpu7sKIw/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpu7sKIw/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpu7sKIw/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpu7sKIw/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 01:12:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月 13 01:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpPvdU0K/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpPvdU0K/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpPvdU0K/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpPvdU0K/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpPvdU0K/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 01:24:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpjkcEjs/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpjkcEjs/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpjkcEjs/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpjkcEjs/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpjkcEjs/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 01:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpRcdaEf/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpRcdaEf/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpRcdaEf/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpRcdaEf/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpRcdaEf/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 01:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpYmJGv0/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpYmJGv0/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpYmJGv0/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpYmJGv0/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpYmJGv0/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 01:42:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp18vFlI/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmp18vFlI/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmp18vFlI/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp18vFlI/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmp18vFlI/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 01:48:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpyWEpl4/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpyWEpl4/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpyWEpl4/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpyWEpl4/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpyWEpl4/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 01:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp0wgl9g/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmp0wgl9g/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmp0wgl9g/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp0wgl9g/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmp0wgl9g/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 02:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmppcipYS/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmppcipYS/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmppcipYS/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmppcipYS/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmppcipYS/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 02:06:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpWd_kTy/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpWd_kTy/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpWd_kTy/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpWd_kTy/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpWd_kTy/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 02:12:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpDkkycu/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpDkkycu/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpDkkycu/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpDkkycu/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpDkkycu/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 02:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpwC_WYT/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpwC_WYT/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpwC_WYT/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpwC_WYT/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpwC_WYT/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 02:24:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpokCta5/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpokCta5/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpokCta5/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpokCta5/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpokCta5/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 02:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp_GKY4z/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmp_GKY4z/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmp_GKY4z/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp_GKY4z/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmp_GKY4z/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 02:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpV_i87R/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpV_i87R/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpV_i87R/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpV_i87R/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpV_i87R/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 02:42:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp6JDQ6X/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmp6JDQ6X/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmp6JDQ6X/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp6JDQ6X/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmp6JDQ6X/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 02:48:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpr_Qcc6/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpr_Qcc6/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpr_Qcc6/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpr_Qcc6/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpr_Qcc6/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 02:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpUUZ8F_/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpUUZ8F_/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpUUZ8F_/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpUUZ8F_/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpUUZ8F_/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 03:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpf6lic7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpf6lic7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpf6lic7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpf6lic7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpf6lic7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 03:06:02 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月 13 03:12:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpPYF8PT/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpPYF8PT/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpPYF8PT/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpPYF8PT/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpPYF8PT/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 03:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpx0RneI/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpx0RneI/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpx0RneI/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpx0RneI/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpx0RneI/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 03:24:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpUfSLH6/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpUfSLH6/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpUfSLH6/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpUfSLH6/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpUfSLH6/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 03:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpi_iwgI/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpi_iwgI/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpi_iwgI/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpi_iwgI/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpi_iwgI/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 03:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp___bfO/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmp___bfO/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmp___bfO/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp___bfO/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmp___bfO/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 03:42:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpQGqkma/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpQGqkma/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpQGqkma/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpQGqkma/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpQGqkma/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 03:48:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月 13 03:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpii6BET/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpii6BET/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpii6BET/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpii6BET/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpii6BET/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 04:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmplGng1h/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmplGng1h/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmplGng1h/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmplGng1h/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmplGng1h/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 04:06:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp8JPD1A/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmp8JPD1A/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmp8JPD1A/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp8JPD1A/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmp8JPD1A/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 04:12:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpf_7DhH/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpf_7DhH/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpf_7DhH/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpf_7DhH/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpf_7DhH/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 04:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpZQCZZq/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpZQCZZq/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpZQCZZq/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpZQCZZq/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpZQCZZq/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 04:24:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpG7QlRe/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpG7QlRe/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpG7QlRe/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpG7QlRe/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpG7QlRe/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 04:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmptNyVif/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmptNyVif/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmptNyVif/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmptNyVif/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmptNyVif/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 04:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpMhYOQP/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpMhYOQP/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpMhYOQP/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpMhYOQP/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpMhYOQP/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 04:42:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpOyoq8a/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpOyoq8a/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpOyoq8a/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpOyoq8a/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpOyoq8a/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 04:48:02 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpIaEUXG/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpIaEUXG/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpIaEUXG/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpIaEUXG/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpIaEUXG/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 04:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月 13 05:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpsgAZnj/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpsgAZnj/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpsgAZnj/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpsgAZnj/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpsgAZnj/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 05:06:02 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpIcdB3d/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpIcdB3d/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpIcdB3d/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpIcdB3d/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpIcdB3d/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 05:12:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp0hjuD5/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmp0hjuD5/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmp0hjuD5/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp0hjuD5/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmp0hjuD5/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 05:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpCm9UFd/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpCm9UFd/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpCm9UFd/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpCm9UFd/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpCm9UFd/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 05:24:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpxUaaQ6/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpxUaaQ6/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpxUaaQ6/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpxUaaQ6/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpxUaaQ6/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 05:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月 13 05:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpkcx494/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpkcx494/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpkcx494/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpkcx494/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpkcx494/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 05:42:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpvNJ85l/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpvNJ85l/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpvNJ85l/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpvNJ85l/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpvNJ85l/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 05:48:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpcbLVWG/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpcbLVWG/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpcbLVWG/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpcbLVWG/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpcbLVWG/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 05:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月 13 06:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpE8mSiq/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpE8mSiq/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpE8mSiq/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpE8mSiq/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpE8mSiq/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 06:06:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpEB0fRM/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpEB0fRM/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpEB0fRM/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpEB0fRM/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpEB0fRM/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 06:12:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月 13 06:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpWKYpps/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpWKYpps/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpWKYpps/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpWKYpps/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpWKYpps/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 06:24:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpDx8Hi0/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpDx8Hi0/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpDx8Hi0/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpDx8Hi0/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpDx8Hi0/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 06:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpBhaaR2/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpBhaaR2/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpBhaaR2/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpBhaaR2/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpBhaaR2/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 06:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpFcjdKw/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpFcjdKw/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpFcjdKw/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpFcjdKw/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpFcjdKw/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 06:42:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpNjJpAU/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpNjJpAU/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpNjJpAU/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpNjJpAU/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpNjJpAU/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 06:48:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpCXRxJs/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpCXRxJs/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpCXRxJs/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpCXRxJs/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpCXRxJs/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 06:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月 13 07:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月 13 07:06:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpKSdkJ5/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpKSdkJ5/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpKSdkJ5/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpKSdkJ5/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpKSdkJ5/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 07:12:02 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp0gnjGz/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmp0gnjGz/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmp0gnjGz/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp0gnjGz/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmp0gnjGz/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 07:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpKSR62u/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpKSR62u/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpKSR62u/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpKSR62u/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpKSR62u/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 07:24:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp9uurec/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmp9uurec/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmp9uurec/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp9uurec/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmp9uurec/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 07:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpOxvFr2/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpOxvFr2/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpOxvFr2/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpOxvFr2/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpOxvFr2/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 07:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpsDJqB8/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpsDJqB8/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpsDJqB8/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpsDJqB8/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpsDJqB8/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 07:42:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp6qxsYZ/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmp6qxsYZ/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmp6qxsYZ/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp6qxsYZ/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmp6qxsYZ/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 07:48:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmplOI2Zk/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmplOI2Zk/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmplOI2Zk/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmplOI2Zk/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmplOI2Zk/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 07:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp3FlMGS/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmp3FlMGS/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmp3FlMGS/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp3FlMGS/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmp3FlMGS/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 08:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp8Ny7jU/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmp8Ny7jU/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmp8Ny7jU/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp8Ny7jU/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmp8Ny7jU/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 08:06:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpzIAPsd/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpzIAPsd/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpzIAPsd/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpzIAPsd/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpzIAPsd/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 08:12:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpfC1PQ7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpfC1PQ7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpfC1PQ7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpfC1PQ7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpfC1PQ7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 08:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpWRCAnV/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpWRCAnV/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpWRCAnV/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpWRCAnV/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpWRCAnV/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 08:24:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpV7lakn/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpV7lakn/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpV7lakn/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpV7lakn/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpV7lakn/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 08:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpviJGNq/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpviJGNq/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpviJGNq/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpviJGNq/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpviJGNq/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 08:36:02 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpCVdlz3/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpCVdlz3/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpCVdlz3/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpCVdlz3/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpCVdlz3/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 08:42:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpOkCqYl/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpOkCqYl/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpOkCqYl/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpOkCqYl/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpOkCqYl/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 08:48:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月 13 08:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpD313eg/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpD313eg/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpD313eg/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpD313eg/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpD313eg/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 09:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpe6Xt5u/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpe6Xt5u/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpe6Xt5u/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpe6Xt5u/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpe6Xt5u/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 09:06:01 2016
start 1
model is deleted from web:  Message: Element is not currently visible and so may not be interacted with
Stacktrace:
    at fxdriver.preconditions.visible (file:///tmp/tmpyCsBBL/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:10092)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.checkPreconditions_ (file:///tmp/tmpyCsBBL/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12644)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpyCsBBL/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpyCsBBL/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpyCsBBL/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月 13 09:12:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  The read operation timed out
 4月 13 09:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月 13 09:24:01 2016
start 1
model is deleted from web:  Message: Element is not currently visible and so may not be interacted with
Stacktrace:
    at fxdriver.preconditions.visible (file:///tmp/tmpNIZVJP/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:10092)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.checkPreconditions_ (file:///tmp/tmpNIZVJP/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12644)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpNIZVJP/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpNIZVJP/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpNIZVJP/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
 4月 13 09:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月 13 09:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpSKIyJf/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpSKIyJf/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpSKIyJf/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpSKIyJf/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpSKIyJf/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 09:42:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  [Errno socket error] _ssl.c:495: The handshake operation timed out
 4月 13 09:48:01 2016
start 1
model is deleted from web:  Message: Element is not currently visible and so may not be interacted with
Stacktrace:
    at fxdriver.preconditions.visible (file:///tmp/tmpZCOyrs/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:10092)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.checkPreconditions_ (file:///tmp/tmpZCOyrs/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12644)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpZCOyrs/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpZCOyrs/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpZCOyrs/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月 13 09:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月 13 10:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
 4月 13 10:06:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: not found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: not found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: not found kmz
start 17
finish 17: not found kmz
start 18
finish 18: not found kmz
start 19
finish 19: not found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
other exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmppWhIhF/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmppWhIhF/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmppWhIhF/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmppWhIhF/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmppWhIhF/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
 4月 13 10:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
 4月 13 11:06:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: not found kmz
start 5
other exception:  'NoneType' object has no attribute 'strip'
start 5
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 11:12:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 11:18:01 2016
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp3uHyya/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmp3uHyya/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmp3uHyya/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp3uHyya/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmp3uHyya/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: not found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: not found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
start 9
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 11:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 11:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 11:42:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: not found kmz
start 3
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpw9I4Qf/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpw9I4Qf/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpw9I4Qf/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpw9I4Qf/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpw9I4Qf/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpw9I4Qf/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpw9I4Qf/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpw9I4Qf/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpw9I4Qf/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpw9I4Qf/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
other exception:  timed out
start 5
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 11:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 12:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 12:06:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 12:12:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
other exception:  [Errno socket error] _ssl.c:495: The handshake operation timed out
start 3
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 12:24:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 12:36:01 2016
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpMq6GhA/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpMq6GhA/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpMq6GhA/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpMq6GhA/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpMq6GhA/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
other exception:  'NoneType' object has no attribute 'strip'
start 2
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 12:42:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
other exception:  timed out
start 5
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 12:48:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 12:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 13:00:02 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 13:06:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 13:18:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 13:24:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 104] Connection reset by peer
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 13:30:01 2016
start 1
model is deleted from web:  Message: Element is not currently visible and so may not be interacted with
Stacktrace:
    at fxdriver.preconditions.visible (file:///tmp/tmpsaofon/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:10092)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.checkPreconditions_ (file:///tmp/tmpsaofon/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12644)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpsaofon/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpsaofon/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpsaofon/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
model is deleted from web:  Message: Element is not currently visible and so may not be interacted with
Stacktrace:
    at fxdriver.preconditions.visible (file:///tmp/tmpsaofon/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:10092)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.checkPreconditions_ (file:///tmp/tmpsaofon/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12644)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpsaofon/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpsaofon/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpsaofon/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 13:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 13:42:01 2016
start 1
model is deleted from web:  Message: Element is not currently visible and so may not be interacted with
Stacktrace:
    at fxdriver.preconditions.visible (file:///tmp/tmpgyGjGs/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:10092)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.checkPreconditions_ (file:///tmp/tmpgyGjGs/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12644)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpgyGjGs/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpgyGjGs/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpgyGjGs/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 13:54:01 2016
start 1
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 14:06:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
start 5
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 14:18:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 14:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 14:42:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 14:54:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: not found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
start 18
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 15:24:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpHPnUv7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpHPnUv7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpHPnUv7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpHPnUv7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpHPnUv7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 3
finish 3: not found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpHPnUv7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpHPnUv7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpHPnUv7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpHPnUv7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpHPnUv7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
start 11
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 15:42:01 2016
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpegwpF6/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpegwpF6/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpegwpF6/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpegwpF6/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpegwpF6/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 15:48:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 15:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 16:00:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: not found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 16:18:01 2016
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp0QxGI6/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmp0QxGI6/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmp0QxGI6/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp0QxGI6/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmp0QxGI6/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
finish 1: not found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: not found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: not found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
other exception:  timed out
start 10
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 16:36:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: not found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
model is deleted from web:  Message: Element is not currently visible and so may not be interacted with
Stacktrace:
    at fxdriver.preconditions.visible (file:///tmp/tmpfPDKNZ/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:10092)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.checkPreconditions_ (file:///tmp/tmpfPDKNZ/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12644)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpfPDKNZ/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpfPDKNZ/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpfPDKNZ/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 8
finish 8: not found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: not found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpfPDKNZ/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpfPDKNZ/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpfPDKNZ/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpfPDKNZ/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpfPDKNZ/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 21
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 17:12:01 2016
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp7FbWVr/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmp7FbWVr/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmp7FbWVr/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp7FbWVr/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmp7FbWVr/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 17:18:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: not found kmz
start 2
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 17:24:01 2016
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpsqIS0L/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpsqIS0L/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpsqIS0L/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpsqIS0L/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpsqIS0L/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 17:30:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpAZrzHj/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpAZrzHj/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpAZrzHj/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpAZrzHj/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpAZrzHj/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
start 9
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 17:42:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
start 2
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 17:48:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 18:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 18:06:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: not found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: not found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: not found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: not found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: not found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: not found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
finish 70: found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
finish 72: found kmz
start 73
finish 73: found kmz
start 74
finish 74: found kmz
start 75
finish 75: found kmz
start 76
finish 76: found kmz
start 77
finish 77: found kmz
start 78
finish 78: found kmz
start 79
finish 79: found kmz
start 80
finish 80: found kmz
start 81
finish 81: found kmz
start 82
finish 82: found kmz
start 83
finish 83: found kmz
start 84
finish 84: found kmz
start 85
finish 85: found kmz
start 86
finish 86: found kmz
start 87
finish 87: found kmz
start 88
finish 88: found kmz
start 89
finish 89: found kmz
start 90
finish 90: found kmz
start 91
finish 91: found kmz
start 92
finish 92: found kmz
start 93
finish 93: found kmz
start 94
finish 94: found kmz
start 95
finish 95: found kmz
start 96
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 19:24:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: not found kmz
start 3
finish 3: not found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
other exception:  [Errno socket error] The read operation timed out
start 8
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 19:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 19:42:02 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: not found kmz
start 12
finish 12: not found kmz
start 13
finish 13: not found kmz
start 14
finish 14: not found kmz
start 15
finish 15: not found kmz
start 16
finish 16: not found kmz
start 17
finish 17: not found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: not found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: not found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 20:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 20:36:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
other exception:  [Errno socket error] The read operation timed out
start 2
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 20:42:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 20:48:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 20:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 21:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 21:06:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 21:12:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 21:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 21:24:01 2016
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpY5dEqc/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpY5dEqc/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpY5dEqc/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpY5dEqc/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpY5dEqc/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpY5dEqc/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpY5dEqc/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpY5dEqc/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpY5dEqc/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpY5dEqc/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
other exception:  ''
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 21:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 21:36:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 21:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 22:00:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 22:06:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 22:18:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
other exception:  timed out
start 2
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 13 22:36:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: not found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpPzPA3e/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpPzPA3e/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpPzPA3e/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpPzPA3e/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpPzPA3e/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: not found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: not found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: not found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
model is deleted from web:  Message: Element is not currently visible and so may not be interacted with
Stacktrace:
    at fxdriver.preconditions.visible (file:///tmp/tmpPzPA3e/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:10092)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.checkPreconditions_ (file:///tmp/tmpPzPA3e/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12644)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpPzPA3e/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpPzPA3e/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpPzPA3e/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 22
finish 22: not found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpPzPA3e/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpPzPA3e/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpPzPA3e/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpPzPA3e/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpPzPA3e/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 29
finish 29: not found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpPzPA3e/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpPzPA3e/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpPzPA3e/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpPzPA3e/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpPzPA3e/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpPzPA3e/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpPzPA3e/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpPzPA3e/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpPzPA3e/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpPzPA3e/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: not found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 00:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 00:42:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: not found kmz
start 5
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 00:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 01:00:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: not found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpvrJI4d/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpvrJI4d/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpvrJI4d/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpvrJI4d/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpvrJI4d/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 01:42:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 01:48:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: not found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: not found kmz
start 51
finish 51: not found kmz
start 52
finish 52: not found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: not found kmz
start 60
other exception:  [Errno socket error] The read operation timed out
start 60
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 02:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 02:36:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 02:48:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 02:54:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: not found kmz
start 6
finish 6: not found kmz
start 7
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 03:00:01 2016
start 1
model is deleted from web:  Message: Element is not currently visible and so may not be interacted with
Stacktrace:
    at fxdriver.preconditions.visible (file:///tmp/tmp5utxVD/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:10092)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.checkPreconditions_ (file:///tmp/tmp5utxVD/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12644)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmp5utxVD/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp5utxVD/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmp5utxVD/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 03:06:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 03:12:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
other exception:  ('http protocol error', 0, 'got a bad status line', None)
start 6
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 03:18:01 2016
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpc9pfJY/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpc9pfJY/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpc9pfJY/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpc9pfJY/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpc9pfJY/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
model is deleted from web:  Message: Element is not currently visible and so may not be interacted with
Stacktrace:
    at fxdriver.preconditions.visible (file:///tmp/tmpc9pfJY/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:10092)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.checkPreconditions_ (file:///tmp/tmpc9pfJY/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12644)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpc9pfJY/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpc9pfJY/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpc9pfJY/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: not found kmz
start 3
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 03:30:02 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: not found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
start 9
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 03:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 03:42:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 03:48:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 03:54:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
start 8
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 04:00:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
other exception:  timed out
start 3
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 04:06:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 04:12:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
other exception:  timed out
start 6
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 04:24:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  'NoneType' object has no attribute 'strip'
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 04:30:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
other exception:  [Errno socket error] The read operation timed out
start 2
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 04:36:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpFXyGeR/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpFXyGeR/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpFXyGeR/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpFXyGeR/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpFXyGeR/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 2
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpFXyGeR/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpFXyGeR/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpFXyGeR/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpFXyGeR/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpFXyGeR/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 2
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 04:48:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 04:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 05:00:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 05:06:01 2016
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpHp0CyL/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpHp0CyL/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpHp0CyL/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpHp0CyL/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpHp0CyL/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
other exception:  timed out
start 3
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 05:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 05:24:01 2016
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp58qGs4/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmp58qGs4/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmp58qGs4/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp58qGs4/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmp58qGs4/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
other exception:  timed out
start 2
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 05:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 05:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 05:42:01 2016
start 1
model is deleted from web:  Message: Element is not currently visible and so may not be interacted with
Stacktrace:
    at fxdriver.preconditions.visible (file:///tmp/tmpOuhOFt/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:10092)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.checkPreconditions_ (file:///tmp/tmpOuhOFt/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12644)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpOuhOFt/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpOuhOFt/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpOuhOFt/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: not found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 06:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  ('http protocol error', 0, 'got a bad status line', None)
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 06:06:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: not found kmz
start 4
finish 4: not found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpbZUGNI/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpbZUGNI/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpbZUGNI/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpbZUGNI/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpbZUGNI/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpbZUGNI/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpbZUGNI/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpbZUGNI/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpbZUGNI/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpbZUGNI/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 8
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
start 8
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 06:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 06:24:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 06:30:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpmbzVIV/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpmbzVIV/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpmbzVIV/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpmbzVIV/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpmbzVIV/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpmbzVIV/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpmbzVIV/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpmbzVIV/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpmbzVIV/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpmbzVIV/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
other exception:  timed out
start 6
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 06:42:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 06:48:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
other exception:  ('http protocol error', 0, 'got a bad status line', None)
start 2
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 06:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 07:00:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: not found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: not found kmz
start 8
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 07:12:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 07:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 07:24:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  ('http protocol error', 0, 'got a bad status line', None)
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 07:30:01 2016
start 1
model is deleted from web:  Message: Element is not currently visible and so may not be interacted with
Stacktrace:
    at fxdriver.preconditions.visible (file:///tmp/tmpfm_vDi/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:10092)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.checkPreconditions_ (file:///tmp/tmpfm_vDi/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12644)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpfm_vDi/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpfm_vDi/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpfm_vDi/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: not found kmz
start 7
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
start 7
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 07:42:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 07:48:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
start 4
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 08:00:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 08:06:01 2016
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpTJS3EZ/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpTJS3EZ/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpTJS3EZ/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpTJS3EZ/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpTJS3EZ/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 08:12:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 08:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 08:24:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 08:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 08:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 08:42:01 2016
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpLUxNXk/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpLUxNXk/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpLUxNXk/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpLUxNXk/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpLUxNXk/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpLUxNXk/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpLUxNXk/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpLUxNXk/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpLUxNXk/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpLUxNXk/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 08:48:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 08:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 09:00:01 2016
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp9gyGSV/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmp9gyGSV/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmp9gyGSV/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp9gyGSV/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmp9gyGSV/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
other exception:  ('http protocol error', 0, 'got a bad status line', None)
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 09:06:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 09:12:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 09:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 09:24:01 2016
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpRsWM8O/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpRsWM8O/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpRsWM8O/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpRsWM8O/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpRsWM8O/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 09:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 09:36:01 2016
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp8EN3YF/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmp8EN3YF/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmp8EN3YF/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp8EN3YF/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmp8EN3YF/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp8EN3YF/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmp8EN3YF/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmp8EN3YF/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp8EN3YF/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmp8EN3YF/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 09:42:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 09:48:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 09:54:01 2016
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpouuXjn/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpouuXjn/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpouuXjn/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpouuXjn/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpouuXjn/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 10:00:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
other exception:  timed out
start 2
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 10:06:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 10:12:02 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: not found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
other exception:  timed out
start 17
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 18:48:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: not found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: not found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: not found kmz
start 25
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp0vLQEg/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmp0vLQEg/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmp0vLQEg/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp0vLQEg/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmp0vLQEg/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 19:30:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: not found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 19:42:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 19:48:02 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpCaSNLX/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpCaSNLX/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpCaSNLX/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpCaSNLX/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpCaSNLX/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: not found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: not found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpCaSNLX/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpCaSNLX/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpCaSNLX/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpCaSNLX/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpCaSNLX/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 34
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 20:54:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: not found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: not found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: not found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 21:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 21:42:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 21:54:01 2016
start 1
model is deleted from web:  Message: Element is not currently visible and so may not be interacted with
Stacktrace:
    at fxdriver.preconditions.visible (file:///tmp/tmpt5dLSG/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:10092)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.checkPreconditions_ (file:///tmp/tmpt5dLSG/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12644)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpt5dLSG/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpt5dLSG/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpt5dLSG/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
other exception:  ('http protocol error', 0, 'got a bad status line', None)
start 5
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 22:06:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 22:12:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
start 2
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 22:18:01 2016
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpe8UxU3/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpe8UxU3/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpe8UxU3/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpe8UxU3/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpe8UxU3/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpe8UxU3/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpe8UxU3/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpe8UxU3/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpe8UxU3/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpe8UxU3/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 22:30:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 14 22:42:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: not found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: not found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: not found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: not found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
finish 70: found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
finish 72: found kmz
start 73
finish 73: found kmz
start 74
finish 74: found kmz
start 75
finish 75: found kmz
start 76
finish 76: found kmz
start 77
finish 77: found kmz
start 78
finish 78: found kmz
start 79
finish 79: found kmz
start 80
finish 80: found kmz
start 81
finish 81: found kmz
start 82
finish 82: found kmz
start 83
finish 83: not found kmz
start 84
finish 84: found kmz
start 85
finish 85: found kmz
start 86
finish 86: found kmz
start 87
finish 87: found kmz
start 88
finish 88: found kmz
start 89
finish 89: found kmz
start 90
finish 90: found kmz
start 91
finish 91: found kmz
start 92
finish 92: not found kmz
start 93
finish 93: found kmz
start 94
finish 94: found kmz
start 95
finish 95: found kmz
start 96
finish 96: found kmz
start 97
finish 97: found kmz
start 98
finish 98: found kmz
start 99
finish 99: found kmz
start 100
finish 100: found kmz
start 101
finish 101: found kmz
start 102
finish 102: found kmz
start 103
finish 103: found kmz
start 104
finish 104: found kmz
start 105
finish 105: found kmz
start 106
finish 106: found kmz
start 107
finish 107: found kmz
start 108
finish 108: found kmz
start 109
finish 109: found kmz
start 110
finish 110: found kmz
start 111
finish 111: found kmz
start 112
finish 112: found kmz
start 113
finish 113: found kmz
start 114
finish 114: not found kmz
start 115
finish 115: found kmz
start 116
finish 116: found kmz
start 117
finish 117: found kmz
start 118
finish 118: found kmz
start 119
finish 119: found kmz
start 120
finish 120: found kmz
start 121
finish 121: found kmz
start 122
finish 122: found kmz
start 123
finish 123: found kmz
start 124
finish 124: found kmz
start 125
finish 125: found kmz
start 126
finish 126: found kmz
start 127
finish 127: found kmz
start 128
finish 128: found kmz
start 129
finish 129: found kmz
start 130
finish 130: found kmz
start 131
finish 131: found kmz
start 132
finish 132: found kmz
start 133
finish 133: found kmz
start 134
finish 134: found kmz
start 135
finish 135: found kmz
start 136
finish 136: found kmz
start 137
finish 137: found kmz
start 138
finish 138: found kmz
start 139
finish 139: found kmz
start 140
finish 140: found kmz
start 141
finish 141: found kmz
start 142
finish 142: found kmz
start 143
finish 143: found kmz
start 144
finish 144: not found kmz
start 145
finish 145: found kmz
start 146
finish 146: found kmz
start 147
finish 147: found kmz
start 148
finish 148: found kmz
start 149
finish 149: found kmz
start 150
finish 150: found kmz
start 151
finish 151: found kmz
start 152
finish 152: found kmz
start 153
finish 153: not found kmz
start 154
finish 154: found kmz
start 155
finish 155: found kmz
start 156
finish 156: found kmz
start 157
finish 157: found kmz
start 158
finish 158: found kmz
start 159
finish 159: found kmz
start 160
finish 160: found kmz
start 161
finish 161: found kmz
start 162
finish 162: found kmz
start 163
finish 163: not found kmz
start 164
finish 164: found kmz
start 165
finish 165: found kmz
start 166
finish 166: found kmz
start 167
finish 167: not found kmz
start 168
finish 168: found kmz
start 169
finish 169: found kmz
start 170
finish 170: found kmz
start 171
finish 171: found kmz
start 172
finish 172: found kmz
start 173
finish 173: found kmz
start 174
finish 174: found kmz
start 175
finish 175: found kmz
start 176
finish 176: found kmz
start 177
finish 177: found kmz
start 178
finish 178: found kmz
start 179
finish 179: found kmz
start 180
finish 180: found kmz
start 181
finish 181: found kmz
start 182
finish 182: found kmz
start 183
finish 183: found kmz
start 184
finish 184: found kmz
start 185
finish 185: found kmz
start 186
finish 186: found kmz
start 187
finish 187: found kmz
start 188
finish 188: found kmz
start 189
finish 189: found kmz
start 190
finish 190: found kmz
start 191
finish 191: found kmz
start 192
finish 192: found kmz
start 193
finish 193: not found kmz
start 194
finish 194: found kmz
start 195
finish 195: found kmz
start 196
finish 196: found kmz
start 197
finish 197: found kmz
start 198
finish 198: not found kmz
start 199
finish 199: not found kmz
start 200
finish 200: found kmz
start 201
finish 201: found kmz
start 202
finish 202: found kmz
start 203
finish 203: found kmz
start 204
finish 204: found kmz
start 205
finish 205: found kmz
start 206
finish 206: found kmz
start 207
finish 207: found kmz
start 208
finish 208: found kmz
start 209
finish 209: found kmz
start 210
finish 210: found kmz
start 211
other exception:  'NoneType' object has no attribute 'strip'
start 211
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 01:12:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: not found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: not found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: not found kmz
start 24
finish 24: not found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: not found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: not found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: not found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
other exception:  ('http protocol error', 0, 'got a bad status line', None)
start 60
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 01:36:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: not found kmz
start 12
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
start 12
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 01:48:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 01:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 02:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 02:06:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 02:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 02:24:01 2016
start 1
model is deleted from web:  Message: Element is not currently visible and so may not be interacted with
Stacktrace:
    at fxdriver.preconditions.visible (file:///tmp/tmp9cEirX/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:10092)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.checkPreconditions_ (file:///tmp/tmp9cEirX/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12644)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmp9cEirX/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp9cEirX/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmp9cEirX/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 02:30:01 2016
start 1
model is deleted from web:  Message: Element is not currently visible and so may not be interacted with
Stacktrace:
    at fxdriver.preconditions.visible (file:///tmp/tmplx7fgR/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:10092)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.checkPreconditions_ (file:///tmp/tmplx7fgR/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12644)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmplx7fgR/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmplx7fgR/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmplx7fgR/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 02:42:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 02:48:01 2016
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp7xDp1V/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmp7xDp1V/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmp7xDp1V/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp7xDp1V/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmp7xDp1V/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 02:54:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
other exception:  timed out
start 2
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 03:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 03:06:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 03:18:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpK1SbG0/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpK1SbG0/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpK1SbG0/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpK1SbG0/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpK1SbG0/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpK1SbG0/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpK1SbG0/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpK1SbG0/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpK1SbG0/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpK1SbG0/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: not found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: not found kmz
start 21
finish 21: not found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
start 23
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 03:48:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 03:54:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
other exception:  timed out
start 3
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 04:00:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 04:12:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 04:24:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
other exception:  [Errno socket error] The read operation timed out
start 2
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 04:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 04:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 04:42:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  'NoneType' object has no attribute 'strip'
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 04:48:01 2016
start 1
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 05:00:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
other exception:  timed out
start 5
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 05:12:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 05:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 05:24:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 05:30:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
start 4
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 05:36:02 2016
start 1
other exception:  ('http protocol error', 0, 'got a bad status line', None)
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 05:42:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  [Errno socket error] _ssl.c:495: The handshake operation timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 05:48:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 05:54:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
other exception:  timed out
start 2
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 06:00:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 06:06:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
other exception:  The read operation timed out
start 5
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 06:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  [Errno socket error] timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 06:24:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
start 2
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 06:30:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 06:42:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 06:48:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 06:54:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
start 5
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 07:06:02 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 07:24:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 07:30:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
model is deleted from web:  Message: Element is not currently visible and so may not be interacted with
Stacktrace:
    at fxdriver.preconditions.visible (file:///tmp/tmpw3fKHk/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:10092)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.checkPreconditions_ (file:///tmp/tmpw3fKHk/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12644)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpw3fKHk/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpw3fKHk/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpw3fKHk/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
other exception:  'NoneType' object has no attribute 'strip'
start 3
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 07:42:01 2016
start 1
model is deleted from web:  Message: Element is not currently visible and so may not be interacted with
Stacktrace:
    at fxdriver.preconditions.visible (file:///tmp/tmpTEuypK/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:10092)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.checkPreconditions_ (file:///tmp/tmpTEuypK/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12644)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpTEuypK/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpTEuypK/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpTEuypK/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 07:48:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 07:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 08:00:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
start 2
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 08:06:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: not found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 08:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 08:24:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
other exception:  'NoneType' object has no attribute 'strip'
start 4
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 08:36:01 2016
start 1
model is deleted from web:  Message: Element is not currently visible and so may not be interacted with
Stacktrace:
    at fxdriver.preconditions.visible (file:///tmp/tmpBOsHUj/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:10092)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.checkPreconditions_ (file:///tmp/tmpBOsHUj/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12644)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpBOsHUj/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpBOsHUj/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpBOsHUj/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
other exception:  'NoneType' object has no attribute 'strip'
start 8
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 08:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 09:00:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
other exception:  ('http protocol error', 0, 'got a bad status line', None)
start 3
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 09:06:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 09:12:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 09:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 09:24:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
other exception:  ('http protocol error', 0, 'got a bad status line', None)
start 2
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 09:30:01 2016
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpcOTgzx/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpcOTgzx/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpcOTgzx/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpcOTgzx/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpcOTgzx/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 09:36:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 09:48:01 2016
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpdzFO0c/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpdzFO0c/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpdzFO0c/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpdzFO0c/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpdzFO0c/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 09:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 10:00:01 2016
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpGX9Anw/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpGX9Anw/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpGX9Anw/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpGX9Anw/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpGX9Anw/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 10:06:01 2016
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpsEUqpz/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpsEUqpz/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpsEUqpz/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpsEUqpz/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpsEUqpz/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 10:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 10:24:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: not found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 10:48:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  ('http protocol error', 0, 'got a bad status line', None)
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 10:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 11:00:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 11:06:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 11:18:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: not found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: not found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 11:36:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: not found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: not found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: not found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: not found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: not found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: not found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
other exception:  [Errno socket error] _ssl.c:495: The handshake operation timed out
start 70
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 13:18:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: not found kmz
start 3
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpmdkmXE/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpmdkmXE/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpmdkmXE/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpmdkmXE/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpmdkmXE/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: not found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: not found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: not found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: not found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
finish 70: found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
finish 72: found kmz
start 73
finish 73: found kmz
start 74
finish 74: found kmz
start 75
finish 75: found kmz
start 76
finish 76: found kmz
start 77
finish 77: found kmz
start 78
finish 78: found kmz
start 79
finish 79: found kmz
start 80
finish 80: found kmz
start 81
finish 81: found kmz
start 82
finish 82: found kmz
start 83
finish 83: not found kmz
start 84
finish 84: found kmz
start 85
finish 85: found kmz
start 86
other exception:  'NoneType' object has no attribute 'strip'
start 86
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 15:06:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  'NoneType' object has no attribute 'strip'
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 15:12:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: not found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: not found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: not found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
finish 70: found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
finish 72: found kmz
start 73
finish 73: found kmz
start 74
finish 74: found kmz
start 75
finish 75: found kmz
start 76
finish 76: found kmz
start 77
finish 77: found kmz
start 78
finish 78: found kmz
start 79
finish 79: found kmz
start 80
finish 80: found kmz
start 81
finish 81: found kmz
start 82
finish 82: found kmz
start 83
finish 83: found kmz
start 84
finish 84: found kmz
start 85
finish 85: found kmz
start 86
finish 86: found kmz
start 87
finish 87: found kmz
start 88
finish 88: found kmz
start 89
finish 89: found kmz
start 90
finish 90: found kmz
start 91
finish 91: not found kmz
start 92
other exception:  [Errno socket error] _ssl.c:495: The handshake operation timed out
start 92
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 17:00:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 17:12:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp7jyl6Q/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmp7jyl6Q/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmp7jyl6Q/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp7jyl6Q/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmp7jyl6Q/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
other exception:  'NoneType' object has no attribute 'strip'
start 6
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 17:30:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
other exception:  timed out
start 9
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 17:48:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 17:54:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
other exception:  'NoneType' object has no attribute 'strip'
start 5
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 18:06:02 2016
start 1
model is deleted from web:  Message: Element is not currently visible and so may not be interacted with
Stacktrace:
    at fxdriver.preconditions.visible (file:///tmp/tmp9YOj4t/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:10092)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.checkPreconditions_ (file:///tmp/tmp9YOj4t/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12644)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmp9YOj4t/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp9YOj4t/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmp9YOj4t/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: not found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: not found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: not found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
other exception:  The read operation timed out
start 44
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 19:12:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: not found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: not found kmz
start 20
finish 20: not found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
other exception:  [Errno socket error] _ssl.c:495: The handshake operation timed out
start 26
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 20:18:02 2016
start 1
other exception:  retrieval incomplete: got only 8876801 out of 11194017 bytes
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 20:36:02 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: not found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: not found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: not found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: not found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpV3Kt7s/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpV3Kt7s/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpV3Kt7s/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpV3Kt7s/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpV3Kt7s/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 44
finish 44: not found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: not found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
other exception:  timed out
start 57
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 22:12:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: not found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: not found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
other exception:  The read operation timed out
start 32
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 15 23:12:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: not found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: not found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: not found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: not found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: not found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: not found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: not found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: not found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
finish 70: found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
finish 72: found kmz
start 73
finish 73: found kmz
start 74
finish 74: found kmz
start 75
finish 75: not found kmz
start 76
finish 76: found kmz
start 77
finish 77: found kmz
start 78
finish 78: found kmz
start 79
finish 79: found kmz
start 80
finish 80: found kmz
start 81
finish 81: found kmz
start 82
finish 82: found kmz
start 83
finish 83: found kmz
start 84
finish 84: found kmz
start 85
finish 85: not found kmz
start 86
finish 86: not found kmz
start 87
finish 87: found kmz
start 88
finish 88: found kmz
start 89
finish 89: not found kmz
start 90
finish 90: found kmz
start 91
finish 91: found kmz
start 92
finish 92: not found kmz
start 93
finish 93: found kmz
start 94
finish 94: found kmz
start 95
finish 95: found kmz
start 96
finish 96: found kmz
start 97
finish 97: found kmz
start 98
finish 98: found kmz
start 99
finish 99: found kmz
start 100
finish 100: found kmz
start 101
finish 101: found kmz
start 102
finish 102: found kmz
start 103
finish 103: found kmz
start 104
finish 104: found kmz
start 105
finish 105: found kmz
start 106
finish 106: found kmz
start 107
finish 107: found kmz
start 108
finish 108: found kmz
start 109
finish 109: found kmz
start 110
finish 110: not found kmz
start 111
finish 111: found kmz
start 112
finish 112: not found kmz
start 113
finish 113: found kmz
start 114
finish 114: found kmz
start 115
finish 115: found kmz
start 116
finish 116: found kmz
start 117
finish 117: found kmz
start 118
finish 118: not found kmz
start 119
finish 119: found kmz
start 120
finish 120: not found kmz
start 121
finish 121: found kmz
start 122
finish 122: not found kmz
start 123
finish 123: found kmz
start 124
finish 124: found kmz
start 125
finish 125: found kmz
start 126
finish 126: found kmz
start 127
finish 127: not found kmz
start 128
finish 128: not found kmz
start 129
finish 129: found kmz
start 130
finish 130: found kmz
start 131
finish 131: found kmz
start 132
finish 132: found kmz
start 133
finish 133: not found kmz
start 134
finish 134: found kmz
start 135
finish 135: found kmz
start 136
finish 136: found kmz
start 137
finish 137: found kmz
start 138
finish 138: found kmz
start 139
finish 139: not found kmz
start 140
finish 140: found kmz
start 141
finish 141: found kmz
start 142
finish 142: found kmz
start 143
finish 143: found kmz
start 144
finish 144: found kmz
start 145
finish 145: found kmz
start 146
finish 146: found kmz
start 147
finish 147: found kmz
start 148
finish 148: found kmz
start 149
finish 149: found kmz
start 150
finish 150: found kmz
start 151
finish 151: found kmz
start 152
finish 152: found kmz
start 153
finish 153: found kmz
start 154
finish 154: found kmz
start 155
finish 155: found kmz
start 156
finish 156: found kmz
start 157
finish 157: found kmz
start 158
finish 158: found kmz
start 159
finish 159: found kmz
start 160
finish 160: found kmz
start 161
finish 161: not found kmz
start 162
finish 162: found kmz
start 163
finish 163: found kmz
start 164
finish 164: found kmz
start 165
finish 165: found kmz
start 166
finish 166: found kmz
start 167
finish 167: found kmz
start 168
finish 168: found kmz
start 169
finish 169: found kmz
start 170
finish 170: found kmz
start 171
finish 171: found kmz
start 172
finish 172: found kmz
start 173
finish 173: found kmz
start 174
finish 174: found kmz
start 175
finish 175: found kmz
start 176
finish 176: found kmz
start 177
finish 177: found kmz
start 178
finish 178: found kmz
start 179
finish 179: found kmz
start 180
finish 180: found kmz
start 181
finish 181: found kmz
start 182
finish 182: found kmz
start 183
finish 183: found kmz
start 184
finish 184: found kmz
start 185
finish 185: found kmz
start 186
finish 186: found kmz
start 187
finish 187: found kmz
start 188
finish 188: found kmz
start 189
finish 189: found kmz
start 190
finish 190: found kmz
start 191
finish 191: found kmz
start 192
finish 192: found kmz
start 193
finish 193: found kmz
start 194
finish 194: found kmz
start 195
finish 195: found kmz
start 196
finish 196: found kmz
start 197
finish 197: found kmz
start 198
finish 198: found kmz
start 199
finish 199: found kmz
start 200
finish 200: found kmz
start 201
finish 201: found kmz
start 202
finish 202: found kmz
start 203
finish 203: found kmz
start 204
finish 204: found kmz
start 205
finish 205: found kmz
start 206
finish 206: not found kmz
start 207
finish 207: found kmz
start 208
finish 208: found kmz
start 209
finish 209: found kmz
start 210
finish 210: found kmz
start 211
finish 211: not found kmz
start 212
finish 212: found kmz
start 213
finish 213: found kmz
start 214
finish 214: found kmz
start 215
finish 215: found kmz
start 216
finish 216: found kmz
start 217
finish 217: not found kmz
start 218
finish 218: found kmz
start 219
finish 219: found kmz
start 220
finish 220: found kmz
start 221
finish 221: found kmz
start 222
finish 222: found kmz
start 223
finish 223: found kmz
start 224
finish 224: found kmz
start 225
finish 225: found kmz
start 226
finish 226: found kmz
start 227
finish 227: found kmz
start 228
finish 228: found kmz
start 229
finish 229: found kmz
start 230
finish 230: found kmz
start 231
finish 231: found kmz
start 232
finish 232: found kmz
start 233
finish 233: found kmz
start 234
finish 234: found kmz
start 235
finish 235: found kmz
start 236
finish 236: found kmz
start 237
finish 237: found kmz
start 238
finish 238: found kmz
start 239
finish 239: not found kmz
start 240
finish 240: found kmz
start 241
finish 241: found kmz
start 242
finish 242: found kmz
start 243
finish 243: found kmz
start 244
finish 244: found kmz
start 245
finish 245: found kmz
start 246
finish 246: found kmz
start 247
finish 247: found kmz
start 248
finish 248: found kmz
start 249
finish 249: found kmz
start 250
finish 250: found kmz
start 251
finish 251: found kmz
start 252
finish 252: found kmz
start 253
finish 253: found kmz
start 254
finish 254: not found kmz
start 255
finish 255: found kmz
start 256
finish 256: found kmz
start 257
finish 257: found kmz
start 258
finish 258: not found kmz
start 259
finish 259: found kmz
start 260
finish 260: not found kmz
start 261
finish 261: found kmz
start 262
finish 262: found kmz
start 263
finish 263: found kmz
start 264
finish 264: found kmz
start 265
finish 265: found kmz
start 266
finish 266: found kmz
start 267
finish 267: found kmz
start 268
finish 268: found kmz
start 269
finish 269: found kmz
start 270
finish 270: found kmz
start 271
finish 271: found kmz
start 272
finish 272: found kmz
start 273
finish 273: found kmz
start 274
finish 274: found kmz
start 275
finish 275: found kmz
start 276
finish 276: found kmz
start 277
finish 277: found kmz
start 278
finish 278: found kmz
start 279
finish 279: found kmz
start 280
finish 280: found kmz
start 281
finish 281: found kmz
start 282
finish 282: found kmz
start 283
finish 283: found kmz
start 284
finish 284: found kmz
start 285
finish 285: found kmz
start 286
finish 286: found kmz
start 287
finish 287: found kmz
start 288
finish 288: found kmz
start 289
finish 289: found kmz
start 290
finish 290: found kmz
start 291
finish 291: not found kmz
start 292
finish 292: found kmz
start 293
finish 293: found kmz
start 294
finish 294: not found kmz
start 295
finish 295: found kmz
start 296
finish 296: found kmz
start 297
finish 297: found kmz
start 298
finish 298: found kmz
start 299
finish 299: found kmz
start 300
finish 300: found kmz
start 301
finish 301: found kmz
start 302
finish 302: found kmz
start 303
finish 303: found kmz
start 304
finish 304: found kmz
start 305
finish 305: found kmz
start 306
finish 306: found kmz
start 307
finish 307: found kmz
start 308
finish 308: found kmz
start 309
finish 309: found kmz
start 310
finish 310: found kmz
start 311
finish 311: found kmz
start 312
finish 312: found kmz
start 313
finish 313: found kmz
start 314
finish 314: found kmz
start 315
finish 315: found kmz
start 316
finish 316: found kmz
start 317
finish 317: found kmz
start 318
finish 318: found kmz
start 319
finish 319: found kmz
start 320
finish 320: found kmz
start 321
finish 321: not found kmz
start 322
finish 322: found kmz
start 323
finish 323: found kmz
start 324
finish 324: found kmz
start 325
finish 325: found kmz
start 326
finish 326: found kmz
start 327
finish 327: found kmz
start 328
finish 328: found kmz
start 329
finish 329: found kmz
start 330
finish 330: found kmz
start 331
finish 331: found kmz
start 332
finish 332: found kmz
start 333
finish 333: found kmz
start 334
finish 334: found kmz
start 335
finish 335: found kmz
start 336
finish 336: found kmz
start 337
finish 337: found kmz
start 338
finish 338: found kmz
start 339
finish 339: found kmz
start 340
finish 340: found kmz
start 341
finish 341: found kmz
start 342
finish 342: found kmz
start 343
finish 343: found kmz
start 344
finish 344: found kmz
start 345
other exception:  'NoneType' object has no attribute 'strip'
start 345
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 02:18:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: not found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: not found kmz
start 9
other exception:  timed out
start 9
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 02:30:01 2016
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp2C5dGa/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmp2C5dGa/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmp2C5dGa/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp2C5dGa/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmp2C5dGa/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 02:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 02:42:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: not found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
other exception:  timed out
start 9
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 02:48:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 02:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  ('http protocol error', 0, 'got a bad status line', None)
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 03:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 03:06:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
other exception:  timed out
start 2
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 03:12:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 03:18:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 03:24:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  [Errno socket error] timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 03:30:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
other exception:  The read operation timed out
start 4
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 03:36:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
other exception:  [Errno socket error] timed out
start 4
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 03:48:01 2016
start 1
model is deleted from web:  Message: Element is not currently visible and so may not be interacted with
Stacktrace:
    at fxdriver.preconditions.visible (file:///tmp/tmp7upcuy/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:10092)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.checkPreconditions_ (file:///tmp/tmp7upcuy/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12644)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmp7upcuy/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp7upcuy/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmp7upcuy/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
other exception:  [Errno socket error] The read operation timed out
start 6
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 04:06:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 04:12:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 04:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 04:24:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
other exception:  ('http protocol error', 0, 'got a bad status line', None)
start 5
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 04:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 04:42:01 2016
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpMGL1Km/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpMGL1Km/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpMGL1Km/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpMGL1Km/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpMGL1Km/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 04:48:01 2016
start 1
model is deleted from web:  Message: Element is not currently visible and so may not be interacted with
Stacktrace:
    at fxdriver.preconditions.visible (file:///tmp/tmp0_4fCE/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:10092)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.checkPreconditions_ (file:///tmp/tmp0_4fCE/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12644)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmp0_4fCE/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp0_4fCE/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmp0_4fCE/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 04:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 05:00:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 05:06:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
other exception:  timed out
start 2
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 05:12:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 05:18:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
other exception:  timed out
start 2
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 05:24:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 05:30:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
start 4
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 05:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  ('http protocol error', 0, 'got a bad status line', None)
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 05:42:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: not found kmz
start 3
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
start 3
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 05:48:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 05:54:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: not found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
other exception:  ('http protocol error', 0, 'got a bad status line', None)
start 9
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 06:12:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 06:18:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 06:24:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 06:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 06:36:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
other exception:  timed out
start 3
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 06:48:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 06:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 07:00:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: not found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
other exception:  [Errno socket error] _ssl.c:495: The handshake operation timed out
start 5
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 07:12:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpjMwyPv/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpjMwyPv/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpjMwyPv/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpjMwyPv/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpjMwyPv/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 5
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 07:24:01 2016
start 1
model is deleted from web:  Message: Element is not currently visible and so may not be interacted with
Stacktrace:
    at fxdriver.preconditions.visible (file:///tmp/tmpOXL0n4/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:10092)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.checkPreconditions_ (file:///tmp/tmpOXL0n4/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12644)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpOXL0n4/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpOXL0n4/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpOXL0n4/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 07:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 07:42:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 07:48:01 2016
start 1
model is deleted from web:  Message: Element is not currently visible and so may not be interacted with
Stacktrace:
    at fxdriver.preconditions.visible (file:///tmp/tmpGHaAi7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:10092)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.checkPreconditions_ (file:///tmp/tmpGHaAi7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12644)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpGHaAi7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpGHaAi7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpGHaAi7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
other exception:  timed out
start 2
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 07:54:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: not found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
other exception:  ('http protocol error', 0, 'got a bad status line', None)
start 8
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 08:06:01 2016
start 1
model is deleted from web:  Message: Element is not currently visible and so may not be interacted with
Stacktrace:
    at fxdriver.preconditions.visible (file:///tmp/tmpEkdyN7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:10092)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.checkPreconditions_ (file:///tmp/tmpEkdyN7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12644)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpEkdyN7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpEkdyN7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpEkdyN7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
model is deleted from web:  Message: Element is not currently visible and so may not be interacted with
Stacktrace:
    at fxdriver.preconditions.visible (file:///tmp/tmpEkdyN7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:10092)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.checkPreconditions_ (file:///tmp/tmpEkdyN7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12644)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpEkdyN7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpEkdyN7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpEkdyN7/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 08:12:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 08:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 08:24:01 2016
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpzRUuzk/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpzRUuzk/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpzRUuzk/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpzRUuzk/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpzRUuzk/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
other exception:  timed out
start 2
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 08:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 08:36:01 2016
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpur9yiN/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpur9yiN/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpur9yiN/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpur9yiN/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpur9yiN/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpur9yiN/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpur9yiN/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpur9yiN/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpur9yiN/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpur9yiN/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpur9yiN/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpur9yiN/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpur9yiN/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpur9yiN/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpur9yiN/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpur9yiN/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpur9yiN/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpur9yiN/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpur9yiN/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpur9yiN/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 08:48:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 08:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 09:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 09:06:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 09:18:01 2016
start 1
model is deleted from web:  Message: Element is not currently visible and so may not be interacted with
Stacktrace:
    at fxdriver.preconditions.visible (file:///tmp/tmpTcH85R/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:10092)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.checkPreconditions_ (file:///tmp/tmpTcH85R/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12644)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpTcH85R/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpTcH85R/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpTcH85R/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 09:24:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 09:30:01 2016
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpDt8dlb/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpDt8dlb/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpDt8dlb/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpDt8dlb/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpDt8dlb/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpDt8dlb/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpDt8dlb/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpDt8dlb/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpDt8dlb/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpDt8dlb/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 09:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 09:42:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 09:48:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 22:18:02 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 16 22:24:02 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: not found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: not found kmz
start 25
finish 25: not found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: not found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: not found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: not found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
finish 70: found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
finish 72: found kmz
start 73
finish 73: found kmz
start 74
finish 74: found kmz
start 75
finish 75: found kmz
start 76
finish 76: found kmz
start 77
finish 77: found kmz
start 78
finish 78: found kmz
start 79
finish 79: found kmz
start 80
finish 80: found kmz
start 81
finish 81: found kmz
start 82
finish 82: found kmz
start 83
finish 83: found kmz
start 84
finish 84: found kmz
start 85
finish 85: found kmz
start 86
finish 86: found kmz
start 87
finish 87: found kmz
start 88
finish 88: found kmz
start 89
finish 89: found kmz
start 90
finish 90: found kmz
start 91
finish 91: found kmz
start 92
finish 92: found kmz
start 93
finish 93: found kmz
start 94
finish 94: found kmz
start 95
finish 95: found kmz
start 96
finish 96: found kmz
start 97
finish 97: found kmz
start 98
finish 98: found kmz
start 99
finish 99: found kmz
start 100
finish 100: found kmz
start 101
finish 101: not found kmz
start 102
finish 102: found kmz
start 103
finish 103: found kmz
start 104
finish 104: found kmz
start 105
finish 105: found kmz
start 106
finish 106: found kmz
start 107
finish 107: found kmz
start 108
finish 108: found kmz
start 109
finish 109: found kmz
start 110
finish 110: found kmz
start 111
finish 111: found kmz
start 112
finish 112: found kmz
start 113
finish 113: found kmz
start 114
finish 114: found kmz
start 115
finish 115: not found kmz
start 116
finish 116: found kmz
start 117
finish 117: found kmz
start 118
finish 118: found kmz
start 119
finish 119: found kmz
start 120
finish 120: found kmz
start 121
finish 121: found kmz
start 122
finish 122: found kmz
start 123
finish 123: found kmz
start 124
finish 124: found kmz
start 125
finish 125: found kmz
start 126
finish 126: found kmz
start 127
finish 127: found kmz
start 128
finish 128: found kmz
start 129
finish 129: found kmz
start 130
finish 130: not found kmz
start 131
finish 131: not found kmz
start 132
finish 132: found kmz
start 133
finish 133: found kmz
start 134
finish 134: found kmz
start 135
finish 135: found kmz
start 136
finish 136: found kmz
start 137
finish 137: found kmz
start 138
finish 138: found kmz
start 139
finish 139: found kmz
start 140
finish 140: found kmz
start 141
finish 141: found kmz
start 142
finish 142: found kmz
start 143
finish 143: found kmz
start 144
finish 144: found kmz
start 145
finish 145: found kmz
start 146
finish 146: found kmz
start 147
finish 147: found kmz
start 148
finish 148: found kmz
start 149
finish 149: found kmz
start 150
finish 150: found kmz
start 151
finish 151: found kmz
start 152
finish 152: found kmz
start 153
finish 153: found kmz
start 154
finish 154: found kmz
start 155
finish 155: found kmz
start 156
finish 156: not found kmz
start 157
finish 157: found kmz
start 158
finish 158: found kmz
start 159
finish 159: found kmz
start 160
finish 160: found kmz
start 161
finish 161: found kmz
start 162
finish 162: found kmz
start 163
finish 163: found kmz
start 164
finish 164: found kmz
start 165
finish 165: not found kmz
start 166
finish 166: found kmz
start 167
finish 167: found kmz
start 168
finish 168: found kmz
start 169
finish 169: found kmz
start 170
finish 170: found kmz
start 171
finish 171: found kmz
start 172
finish 172: found kmz
start 173
finish 173: not found kmz
start 174
finish 174: found kmz
start 175
finish 175: not found kmz
start 176
finish 176: found kmz
start 177
finish 177: found kmz
start 178
finish 178: found kmz
start 179
finish 179: found kmz
start 180
finish 180: found kmz
start 181
finish 181: found kmz
start 182
finish 182: found kmz
start 183
finish 183: found kmz
start 184
finish 184: found kmz
start 185
finish 185: found kmz
start 186
finish 186: not found kmz
start 187
finish 187: found kmz
start 188
finish 188: found kmz
start 189
finish 189: found kmz
start 190
finish 190: found kmz
start 191
finish 191: found kmz
start 192
finish 192: found kmz
start 193
finish 193: found kmz
start 194
finish 194: found kmz
start 195
finish 195: found kmz
start 196
finish 196: found kmz
start 197
finish 197: found kmz
start 198
finish 198: found kmz
start 199
finish 199: found kmz
start 200
finish 200: found kmz
start 201
finish 201: not found kmz
start 202
finish 202: found kmz
start 203
finish 203: not found kmz
start 204
finish 204: not found kmz
start 205
finish 205: found kmz
start 206
finish 206: found kmz
start 207
finish 207: found kmz
start 208
finish 208: found kmz
start 209
finish 209: found kmz
start 210
finish 210: not found kmz
start 211
finish 211: found kmz
start 212
finish 212: found kmz
start 213
finish 213: found kmz
start 214
finish 214: found kmz
start 215
finish 215: found kmz
start 216
finish 216: found kmz
start 217
finish 217: found kmz
start 218
finish 218: found kmz
start 219
finish 219: found kmz
start 220
finish 220: found kmz
start 221
finish 221: found kmz
start 222
finish 222: found kmz
start 223
finish 223: found kmz
start 224
finish 224: found kmz
start 225
finish 225: found kmz
start 226
finish 226: found kmz
start 227
finish 227: not found kmz
start 228
finish 228: found kmz
start 229
finish 229: found kmz
start 230
finish 230: found kmz
start 231
finish 231: found kmz
start 232
finish 232: found kmz
start 233
finish 233: found kmz
start 234
finish 234: found kmz
start 235
finish 235: found kmz
start 236
finish 236: found kmz
start 237
finish 237: found kmz
start 238
finish 238: found kmz
start 239
finish 239: found kmz
start 240
finish 240: not found kmz
start 241
finish 241: found kmz
start 242
finish 242: found kmz
start 243
finish 243: found kmz
start 244
finish 244: found kmz
start 245
finish 245: found kmz
start 246
finish 246: found kmz
start 247
finish 247: not found kmz
start 248
finish 248: found kmz
start 249
finish 249: found kmz
start 250
finish 250: found kmz
start 251
finish 251: found kmz
start 252
other exception:  'NoneType' object has no attribute 'strip'
start 252
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 01:12:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: not found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
finish 22: found kmz
start 23
finish 23: found kmz
start 24
finish 24: found kmz
start 25
finish 25: found kmz
start 26
finish 26: found kmz
start 27
finish 27: found kmz
start 28
finish 28: found kmz
start 29
finish 29: found kmz
start 30
finish 30: found kmz
start 31
finish 31: found kmz
start 32
finish 32: found kmz
start 33
finish 33: found kmz
start 34
finish 34: found kmz
start 35
finish 35: found kmz
start 36
finish 36: found kmz
start 37
finish 37: not found kmz
start 38
finish 38: found kmz
start 39
finish 39: not found kmz
start 40
finish 40: found kmz
start 41
finish 41: found kmz
start 42
finish 42: found kmz
start 43
finish 43: not found kmz
start 44
finish 44: found kmz
start 45
finish 45: found kmz
start 46
finish 46: found kmz
start 47
finish 47: found kmz
start 48
finish 48: found kmz
start 49
finish 49: found kmz
start 50
finish 50: found kmz
start 51
finish 51: found kmz
start 52
finish 52: found kmz
start 53
finish 53: found kmz
start 54
finish 54: not found kmz
start 55
finish 55: found kmz
start 56
finish 56: found kmz
start 57
finish 57: found kmz
start 58
finish 58: found kmz
start 59
finish 59: found kmz
start 60
finish 60: found kmz
start 61
finish 61: found kmz
start 62
finish 62: found kmz
start 63
finish 63: found kmz
start 64
finish 64: found kmz
start 65
finish 65: found kmz
start 66
finish 66: not found kmz
start 67
finish 67: found kmz
start 68
finish 68: found kmz
start 69
finish 69: found kmz
start 70
finish 70: not found kmz
start 71
finish 71: found kmz
start 72
finish 72: found kmz
start 73
finish 73: found kmz
start 74
finish 74: found kmz
start 75
finish 75: found kmz
start 76
finish 76: found kmz
start 77
finish 77: found kmz
start 78
finish 78: found kmz
start 79
finish 79: found kmz
start 80
finish 80: found kmz
start 81
finish 81: found kmz
start 82
finish 82: not found kmz
start 83
finish 83: found kmz
start 84
finish 84: found kmz
start 85
finish 85: found kmz
start 86
finish 86: found kmz
start 87
finish 87: found kmz
start 88
finish 88: found kmz
start 89
finish 89: found kmz
start 90
finish 90: found kmz
start 91
finish 91: found kmz
start 92
finish 92: found kmz
start 93
finish 93: not found kmz
start 94
finish 94: found kmz
start 95
finish 95: found kmz
start 96
finish 96: found kmz
start 97
finish 97: found kmz
start 98
finish 98: found kmz
start 99
finish 99: found kmz
start 100
finish 100: found kmz
start 101
finish 101: found kmz
start 102
finish 102: found kmz
start 103
finish 103: found kmz
start 104
finish 104: found kmz
start 105
finish 105: found kmz
start 106
finish 106: found kmz
start 107
finish 107: found kmz
start 108
finish 108: found kmz
start 109
finish 109: found kmz
start 110
finish 110: found kmz
start 111
finish 111: found kmz
start 112
finish 112: found kmz
start 113
finish 113: found kmz
start 114
kmz:other socket error:  [Errno 104] Connection reset by peer
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 02:24:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 02:36:02 2016
start 1
model is deleted from web:  Message: Element is not currently visible and so may not be interacted with
Stacktrace:
    at fxdriver.preconditions.visible (file:///tmp/tmpKMbZco/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:10092)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.checkPreconditions_ (file:///tmp/tmpKMbZco/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12644)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpKMbZco/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpKMbZco/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpKMbZco/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
model is deleted from web:  Message: Element is not currently visible and so may not be interacted with
Stacktrace:
    at fxdriver.preconditions.visible (file:///tmp/tmpKMbZco/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:10092)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.checkPreconditions_ (file:///tmp/tmpKMbZco/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12644)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpKMbZco/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpKMbZco/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpKMbZco/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: not found kmz
start 7
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 02:54:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 03:06:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  [Errno socket error] timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 03:12:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: not found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
other exception:  ('http protocol error', 0, 'got a bad status line', None)
start 9
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 03:24:01 2016
start 1
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 03:30:02 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: not found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: not found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 03:48:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: not found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 04:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  [Errno socket error] _ssl.c:495: The handshake operation timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 04:06:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: not found kmz
start 4
finish 4: not found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: not found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
start 8
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 04:24:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
other exception:  [Errno socket error] _ssl.c:495: The handshake operation timed out
start 4
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 04:36:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 04:42:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 04:48:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
other exception:  'NoneType' object has no attribute 'strip'
start 7
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 04:54:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 05:00:02 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
other exception:  timed out
start 5
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 05:06:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 05:12:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
other exception:  [Errno socket error] The read operation timed out
start 10
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 05:30:01 2016
start 1
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 05:42:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 05:48:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 06:06:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
other exception:  timed out
start 4
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 06:12:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 06:24:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 06:30:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpXOU5I0/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpXOU5I0/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpXOU5I0/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpXOU5I0/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpXOU5I0/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 06:42:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 06:48:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: not found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
other exception:  'NoneType' object has no attribute 'strip'
start 6
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 07:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  [Errno socket error] _ssl.c:495: The handshake operation timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 07:06:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: not found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
other exception:  ('http protocol error', 0, 'got a bad status line', None)
start 8
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 07:18:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
start 7
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 07:24:01 2016
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpXhfhBQ/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpXhfhBQ/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpXhfhBQ/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpXhfhBQ/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpXhfhBQ/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 07:36:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpTBT4px/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpTBT4px/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpTBT4px/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpTBT4px/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpTBT4px/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpTBT4px/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpTBT4px/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpTBT4px/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpTBT4px/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpTBT4px/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 8
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
start 8
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 07:48:01 2016
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpDj4jBr/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpDj4jBr/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpDj4jBr/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpDj4jBr/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpDj4jBr/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: not found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpDj4jBr/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpDj4jBr/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpDj4jBr/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpDj4jBr/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpDj4jBr/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 7
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
start 7
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 08:00:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 08:06:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 08:12:01 2016
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpJwiFWO/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpJwiFWO/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpJwiFWO/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpJwiFWO/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpJwiFWO/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
other exception:  timed out
start 6
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 08:24:01 2016
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp0bkS9M/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmp0bkS9M/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmp0bkS9M/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmp0bkS9M/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmp0bkS9M/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
collada:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 08:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 08:42:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 09:06:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: not found kmz
start 3
finish 3: not found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
other exception:  timed out
start 6
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 09:18:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 09:24:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
other exception:  [Errno socket error] _ssl.c:495: The handshake operation timed out
start 7
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 09:36:01 2016
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"xpath","selector":"//div[@class='metadata-section-title user-thumb-name']"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpqwioME/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpqwioME/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpqwioME/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpqwioME/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpqwioME/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 09:42:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 10:00:01 2016
start 1
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 10:12:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  'NoneType' object has no attribute 'strip'
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 10:18:01 2016
start 1
exception:  Message: Unable to locate element: {"method":"id","selector":"button-download-text"}
Stacktrace:
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElementInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpLYWB6z/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10770)
    at FirefoxDriver.prototype.findElement (file:///tmp/tmpLYWB6z/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:10779)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_/h (file:///tmp/tmpLYWB6z/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12661)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.executeInternal_ (file:///tmp/tmpLYWB6z/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12666)
    at DelayedCommand.prototype.execute/< (file:///tmp/tmpLYWB6z/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12608)
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 10:24:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  timed out
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 10:30:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  ('http protocol error', 0, 'got a bad status line', None)
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 10:36:01 2016
start 1
finish 1: found kmz
start 2
finish 2: found kmz
start 3
finish 3: found kmz
start 4
finish 4: found kmz
start 5
finish 5: found kmz
start 6
finish 6: found kmz
start 7
finish 7: found kmz
start 8
finish 8: found kmz
start 9
finish 9: found kmz
start 10
finish 10: found kmz
start 11
finish 11: found kmz
start 12
finish 12: found kmz
start 13
finish 13: found kmz
start 14
finish 14: found kmz
start 15
finish 15: found kmz
start 16
finish 16: found kmz
start 17
finish 17: found kmz
start 18
finish 18: found kmz
start 19
finish 19: found kmz
start 20
finish 20: not found kmz
start 21
finish 21: found kmz
start 22
kmz:other socket error:  The read operation timed out
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 17 11:12:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  [Errno socket error] [Errno 8] _ssl.c:510: EOF occurred in violation of protocol
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
 4月 18 18:36:01 2016
start 1
other exception:  Message: Window not found. The browser window may have been closed.
Stacktrace:
    at nsCommandProcessor.prototype.execute (file:///tmp/tmpqf3UCY/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/command-processor.js:12715)
    at Dispatcher.executeAs/< (file:///tmp/tmpqf3UCY/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:9558)
    at Resource.prototype.handle (file:///tmp/tmpqf3UCY/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:9705)
    at Dispatcher.prototype.dispatch (file:///tmp/tmpqf3UCY/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:9652)
    at WebDriverServer/<.handle (file:///tmp/tmpqf3UCY/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/driver-component.js:12517)
    at createHandlerFunc/< (file:///tmp/tmpqf3UCY/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/httpd.js:2054)
    at ServerHandler.prototype.handleResponse (file:///tmp/tmpqf3UCY/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/httpd.js:2387)
    at Connection.prototype.process (file:///tmp/tmpqf3UCY/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/httpd.js:1223)
    at RequestReader.prototype._handleResponse (file:///tmp/tmpqf3UCY/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/httpd.js:1677)
    at RequestReader.prototype._processBody (file:///tmp/tmpqf3UCY/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/httpd.js:1525)
    at RequestReader.prototype.onInputStreamReady (file:///tmp/tmpqf3UCY/extensions/fxdriver@googlecode.com/components/httpd.js:1393)
start 1
other exception:  [Errno 111] Connection refused
